t2904 Troops loyal to Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani made spectacular gains in Kabul Saturday breaking through positions held by the newly emerged Taliban militants and the Shiite Wahdat forces. A group of 15 doctors from across South America will gather under the direction of the continent's soccer confederation Thursday to study a FIFA ban on playing international matches at high altitude. In the space of a century, Africa has morphed from a continent dominated by traditional beliefs to one where the majority of people are Christian or Muslim, a US study showed Thursday. The federal regulator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the two biggest mortgage finance companies, said Monday that it would conduct a comprehensive review of their financial disclosures. More than 600 Israelis have moved to Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip in a bid to disrupt the government's plans to evacuate all 21 outposts in the occupied territory, public radio said Sunday. The Pentagon has lost track of about 190,000 AK-47 assault rifles and pistols given to Iraqi security forces in 2004 and 2005, according to a new government report, raising fears that some of those weapons have fallen into the hands of insurgents fighting U.S. forces in Iraq. Environmental lawyer Robert F. Kennedy Jr. headed into court Friday saying he is ready to go to jail for trespassing to protest U.S. Navy bombing exercises on Vieques island. Kenya and Botswana have agreed to explore opportunities of expanding cooperation between the two countries in areas like tsetse fly control, law enforcement and eco-tourism.
t3914 Japan's ruling coalition decided Tuesday to send a fact-finding mission to the Golan Heights in April to decide whether or not to send peacekeeping troops to the Israeli-occupied territory. An unseen collection of Frida Kahlo's clothing, drawings and personal keepsakes found inside trunks and a walled-up room will soon be displayed at the artist's home-turned-museum to commemorate the 100th anniversary of her birth. The three airports in the Paris area and others in northern France will remain closed until 8:00 am (0600 GMT) Monday, the government said Saturday. It's the next step in the evolutionary process -- maybe the first thing ever having to do with the theory of evolution that's been seriously considered by the cave dwellers of the Augusta National Golf Club. Singapore shares closed flat Tuesday with sentiment cautious ahead of the US Federal Open Market Committee meeting and an expected further hike in US interest rates, dealers said. Miles Rubin has earned enough money over his decades as a lawyer and corporate leader to retire richly. But at 78, he remains a member of that small group of spirited, thoughtful, committed people who have the temerity to believe they can change the world. A former youth minister and YMCA swim coach pleaded guilty Monday in what prosecutors called the state's largest sex abuse case in history. The IT market in Europe will grow 11.3 percent by the end of this year, with an output worth 440 billion U.S. dollars, surpassing U.S., Japanese and world average rates, according a recent study.
t4444 At least seven people were killed and several others wounded during an attack by heavily armed militiamen on an Islamic court at Hararyale in southern Mogadishu on Wednesday. In a June 14 story about aluminum producer United Company Rusal, The Associated Press erroneously reported the company bought two bauxite plants in Jamaica. The plants became part of UC Rusal in March in a three-way merger that combined Rusal with the Sual Group and the aluminum assets of Thousands packed the main stadium in Harare on Sunday for celebrations to mark the 30th anniversary of Zimbabwe's independence from Britain. Cincinnatibengals.com gets numerous e-mails on Drew Bledsoe daily. Other than Ken Griffey's health and the breath-holding that took place when basketball coach Bob Huggins was deciding whether to take the West Virginia job or stay at the University of Cincinnati, Bledsoe has been the hottest topic in town. Sven-Goran Eriksson believes the four-week break he has demanded for his squad before next year's World Cup could make the difference between England coming home as flops or heroes. Basketball: BK-VIRGIN-USA -- LAS VEGAS -- In the FIBA Tournament of the Americas, the United States plays the Virgin Islands a night after the NBA all-star team (U.S.) beat Venezuela by 43 points. Developing (late), by Mark Heisler (Times). With BB-FIBA and BB-FIBA-BOX, both moved. VANBREDAKOLFF-OBIT -- Butch van Two new studies suggest that the slight blips in virus levels that many AIDS patients experience while taking drug cocktails do not necessarily mean the treatment is failing after all. South Korea registered a surplus of 11.6 billion U.S. dollars in its trade with China in the first nine months of this year, according to the Commerce, Industry and Energy Ministry Friday.
t9307 French explorer Emeric Fisset has given up a solo bid to cross the ice-covered Bering Strait from Alaska to Siberia due to bad weather, his coordinating team back in France said Wednesday. The kidnappers of British reporter Alan Johnston fear they will be harmed if they release him now that Hamas is in control of Gaza, despite assurances otherwise, a senior Hamas official said. Flemish nationalist party Vlaams Belang on Tuesday called for the "dissolution" of Belgium, as King Albert II sought to patch up a breakdown between Flemish and French-speaking coalition partners. Looking enviously at Asian tigers such as Taiwan and South Korea, which have become big exporters of high-tech goods, Brazil dreams of becoming a Latin jaguar. World number one Lindsay Davenport defeated Italy's Silvia Farina-Elia 7-5, 7-5 Sunday to win her second straight title in the 585,000-dollars (454,000 euros) WTA tournament here. The measure, passed 13-2 , represents a tentative deal between a key Senate panel and the White House. The issue has been a source of acrimony since it was revealed nearly two years ago that President Bush had authorized the National Security Agency to eavesdrop without court warrants on Hakeem Olajuwon will not finish his career with the Houston Rockets if the Toronto Raptors can entice him into relocating to Canada. Derek Anderson might not be playing for the San Antonio Spurs next season unless they make him a better offer. Zimbabwean war veterans have warned that they will give the country's judges 14 days to resign, following recent rulings on the land issue, a newspaper reported on Monday.
t5652 Israeli businessmen attending the Cairo international fair for the first time for nine years said Saturday they were confident they could reach new clients and boost their profits in Egypt. Aidan O'Brien is gambling that stud flop George Washington will recapture last year's standout form in his return to racing on the opening day of Royal Ascot. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) warned in a report Tuesday that rising public debt in developed countries is a threat to the stability of the world's financial system. Director Clare Peploe's film version of French dramatist Pierre de Marivaux's 1732 romantic comedy souffle falls heavily and self-consciously when it needs to float effortlessly and seems uninterested in the play's philosophical side. Much adapted by Peploe (Rough Magic), with the help of her Oscar-winning husband Bernardo Bertolucci and In a riot of colour and emotion, opposition protesters Thursday swept aside the old regime in the normally sleepy Kyrgyzstan capital, in yet another potent show of raw street power in a former Soviet republic. In a rare public speech by a CIA chief, Hayden lashed out at harsh media coverage and complained that the political climate is slipping toward a level of apathy and risk-aversion that was characteristic of the period leading up to the Sept. 11 attacks. Two of Lance Armstrong's teammates tumbled Thursday on a slippery stretch of a highway known as the ``Sacred Route,'' hurting his chances for a third Tour de France title. The campaign of U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore Thursday asked a Florida federal court to reverse the decision by Republican Secretary of State Katherine Harris to reject hand recounts in several counties.
t8313 Winnie Mandela said Sunday she is suing the police minister and police chief for slander in connection with raids on her home by authorities probing corruption allegations against her. The melting of nearby glaciers or cracks in the ground caused by an earthquake were proposed by scientists Thursday as possible causes for the disappearance of a (two-hectare) five-acre glacial lake in southern Chile. Salomon Kalou scored a hat-trick as Chelsea returned to the top of the English Premier League with a 7-0 thrashing of Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Garden City, Kan., missed out on the suburban building boom of the postwar years. What it got instead were sprawling subdivisions of cattle. Arab viewers were able to watch live transmission of the funeral of Pope John Paul II on pan-Arab news channels Friday, but many stations in the Gulf region opted to show Muslim weekly prayers instead. "We want to hear your voice. ... We want to know what you think," said Joe Maturando, Ernst &amp; Young's head campus recruiter for New England and the metropolitan area, who was sporting a blue T-shirt with the saying "Your Future. Your Vision. Your Video." The House abruptly postponed debate Wednesday on White House-backed legislation giving religious charities an expanded role in federal social service programs, responding to pressure from critics who argued the measure would pre-empt state and local anti-discrimination laws. The BSE-30 share Sensitive Index opened lower at 3,997.33 and touched a high of 4,046.19. Later, it dipped to the day's low of 3, 957.19 before closing at 3,996.18 as against Tuesday's close of 4, 023.92, showing a loss of 27.74 points.
t5718 Japan's Yuji Nakamura won his debut marathon on Sunday taking a lead after 23 kilometres for an easy win at the Lake Biwa race with a time of 2hrs 10min 49sec. Rwanda and Burundi on Monday formally joined the East African Community, a regional trade bloc that hopes to make it cheaper and easier to do business on an impoverished continent that is struggling to lure investors. Greece said Tuesday it could call on loan backup from the EU and the IMF by next month as its bond yields hit a record high and it was forced to once again pay steep rates to borrow money. A federal judge ruled on Thursday that despite winning a case last year against Iran, the Americans held there for 444 days beginning in 1979 cannot receive damages from the Tehran government because the agreement that freed them barred such lawsuits. The Security Council on Thursday approved a 10,000-strong UN peacekeeping force for Sudan which will help monitor the January accord that ended 21 years of civil war in Africa's largest nation. One solution: an airport where the only people are the passengers. That possibility and technology designed to speed voyagers to their destinations were aired at a conference of airport and airline officials here, providing tantalizing glimpses of a traveling future with fast-moving check-in lines and luggage tracked using radio The girl's screams pierced the tranquil sound of the waves rolling ashore: ``My brother! My brother! ... Can you please call 911? We need help! My little brother has lost his arm and his leg!'' Attention should be paid to the protection and development of diversified ethnic culture in developing the western regions, said a senior official in charge of ethnic affairs.
t991 India called for more foreign investment in the oil industry on Monday, saying it needed to commit 120 billion dollars to the sector over the next 15 years to bridge the widening gap between supply and demand. One person was killed Monday in clashes between ruling party supporters and independents outside a polling station in Egypt's northern Nile Delta region, police reported. Russia on Tuesday announced plans to shut down its last weapons-grade plutonium reactor at a US-led summit dedicated to keeping nuclear arms away from extremists. Remember the bragging I did about the satellite radio in my car? I told you I could drive 18 hours without the need to change a station. I said the reception is crystal clear and never faded. US President George W. Bush risked inflaming global opinion Wednesday by putting forward his deeply controversial deputy defence secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, to become World Bank chief. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with Martha M. Hamilton, a former Post financial reporter and editor, and Laura Barnett Lion, founder and president of Barnett Financial in Austin, Texas. Lion has served on the board of the National Association of Personal Finance Professional Advisors (NAPFA) Poland took a key step toward weaning itself from dependence on Russian natural gas Monday by signing a deal with Denmark for a new pipeline to deliver gas from the North Sea. Israeli forces Tuesday night arrested a Palestinian Legislative Council member, who has been charged with illegally carrying weapons into Israel, Israel Radio reported.
t8281 Police on Sunday arrested two suspects in a bombing attack on a Sicilian police barracks in which three cars were destroyed and a car park and the barracks were damaged. Dan Rather was walking down 41st Street recently when a woman stopped him, grabbed his right hand and began pumping it. "Mr. Rather," she said to the former national network news anchor, "I just want you to know. We miss you." Mikel Arteta converted an injury-time penalty to give Everton a come from behind 2-1 win over Fulham at Goodison Park on Sunday to keep their slim hopes of Europa League football next season alive. Recently one morning, I received an urgent call from the mother of an 18-year-old named Daniel, whom I treat for marijuana abuse. The International Court of Justice (ICJ), the UN's highest legal body, will start two weeks of hearings Monday to hear a 1999 complaint filed by the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) accusing Uganda of invading its territory and massacring Congolese civilians. It was bound to happen: Cheese-guide authorship has been one-upped with the arrival of "Laura Werlin's Cheese Essentials: An Insider's Guide to Buying and Serving Cheese" (Stewart, Tabori &amp; Chang, $24.95). Beate Uhse, the founder and chairwoman of Germany's best-known erotica dealer, has died, her Beate Uhse AG company said Wednesday. She was 81. France said Wednesday that it has discovered five new cases of the mad cow disease, or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE).
t6278 Bosnian government and Serb forces Monday exchanged a total of 30 prisoners on Sarajevo's "Brotherhood and Unity" bridge, the only crossing point between the two sides of the divided city. Investor and business confidence in Germany slipped unexpectedly in June, putting a halt to six straight months of increases, with development in Europe's biggest economy expected to hold steady but not gain momentum in the near-term. The commander of US and NATO troops in Afghanistan, General Stanley McChrystal, said Wednesday he was convinced that President Hamid Karzai was making the "right efforts" to stabilise his country. We know more about our toasters than our politicians, writes Charles Lewis, director of the national Center for Public Integrity: ``We get burned by both.'' Children whose parents are divorced or separated end up just as well adjusted as those from intact families by the time they are 18, an Australian study has revealed. Now, however, Wal-Mart has a new slogan: "Save Money. Live Better." And the company's pitch no longer focuses on saving a few bucks as an end in and of itself. Today's kinder-and-gentler Wal-Mart is all about improving your quality of life. Hundreds of Tibetans were detained by Chinese authorities ahead of the Dalai Lama's birthday last week, a Tibetan human rights group said Friday. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak met on Sunday with Chairman of the Shas Party Eli Yishai to discuss the government's request that Shas extend a "safety net," due to end on November 28.
t6815 At least 16 people collapsed Wednesday after toxic fumes spread through the offices of a US-based insurance firm at a commercial building in the South Korean capital, police and witnesses said. North Korea has finally received millions of dollars in frozen funds at the heart of a dispute that stalled nuclear disarmament negotiations, and must quickly shut down its only reactor, the U.S. envoy to the negotiations said. Djibouti's President Ismael Omar Guelleh hinted Thursday he may seek re-election in next year's polls, three days after parliament amended the constitution allowing a third presidential term. The Kimbell Art Musuem has announced two significant acquisitions for its non-western art collection _ a Tibetan Buddhist devotional painting, circa 1450, and a hanging Chinese scroll, circa 1275. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has crushed the last serious political threat to his planned evacuation of the Gaza Strip by securing enough support to squeeze his 2005 state budget through parliament. Democrats vowed Thursday to continue their uphill struggle to force President Bush to change course in Iraq, allowing legislative action on the war to spill into next week as negotiations continued on measures they hoped could attract bipartisan support. The leaders of India and Pakistan held ``frank and constructive'' talks about nuclear safeguards, the fighting in Kashmir and freer trade during their first formal talks in two years Sunday. They also agreed to meet again soon. Speakers at a seminar of Zimbabwe National Chamber of Commerce (ZNCC) Monday hailed the 2001 budget for articulating economic problems facing the country, but expressed concern over the implementation of it.
t8725 Police have found bacteria that could be used in germ warfare at the commune of the Aum Supreme Truth cult, which is already suspected of having produced the nerve gas sarin, the Mainichi newspaper said Tuesday. In the 1970s, Yasser Arafat's Palestine Liberation Organization reigned supreme in Lebanon. Today, the demoralized guerrillas have been reduced to fighters without a cause, confined to the dozen Palestinian refugee camps across the country. European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet on Monday said he was confident of a deal that would help Greece ride out its debt crisis. Those charged, including the brother of a major leader in the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, had declared Americans ``legitimate military targets'' of the group, the indictment said. Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao, on a 24-hour visit to Sri Lanka, Saturday toured the tsunami-battered town of Panadura where a Chinese company is building a fisheries harbour, officials said. Complaints: Mazda needs to tighten the turning circle on the CX-9 3.7, put the control for the outside ambient temperature monitor in a more accessible place and perhaps shorten those long rear doors, which can prove tricky to open in tight parking spaces. By several standards _ lower child poverty, more working parents, greater family wealth _ life is getting better for American children, the government said. The 189-member General Assembly "calls upon all states to implement fully Security Council measures targeting the link between the trade in conflict diamonds and the supply to rebel movements of weapons, fuel or other prohibited material."
t5457 Several Taiwan conglomerates and the American International Group (AIG) have purchased 56.1-percent share of the island's most profitable domestic air carrier, officials at the airline said. A South Korean tycoon on trial in a sensational assault case said Monday he punched bar workers after his son was hurt in a scuffle, but denied using a steel pipe and stun gun. Dutch judges on Tuesday quashed the acquittal of a trader accused of doing deals with the regime of Liberian ex-president and war crimes suspect Charles Taylor, a court statement said. For years, athletes, carpenters and bartenders have used super glue to patch up cuts on their hands and other body parts that are difficult to cover and keep dry. Skopje wants an investigation into four alleged war crimes perpetrated by Albanians in Macedonia, which it believes the UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague has overlooked, Prime Minister Vlado Buckovski said here Thursday. When it grows high and thick in midsummer, the crop that might fill Virginia's gas tanks, revitalize its farm belt and keep its mud and manure out of the Chesapeake Bay looks like ... weeds. Like the world's most overgrown lawn. The heads of the West Coast chapter of the Hollywood performer unions have submitted a tentative contract settlement for a vote by the guilds' nearly 135,000 members. A book explaining problems in the implementation of China's environmental protection laws and regulations has been published recently by the State Environmental Protection Administration.
t3493 Chechen fighters have repelled a Russian attack near the village of Chechen Aul, southeast of the Chechen capital of Grozny, an official press spokesman announced Monday on Chechen radio. Fianna Fail party leader Bertie Ahern won re-election Thursday as prime minister of Ireland, extending his 10-year run in power and triggering the formation of a new, exceptionally broad coalition government. Norway temporarily reopened parts of its airspace in the centre and north of the country Friday, a day after grounding all flights due to ash from a volcano eruption in Iceland, aviation authorities said. WASHINGTON - The first Enron-inspired piece of legislation to reach the Senate floor ran into solid Republican opposition Wednesday, prompting the chief sponsor to withdraw the controversial measure. Germany's main economic research institutes, including the leading think-tank Ifo, commenting on reform of Europe's growth and stability pact on Monday, raised questions of political expediency. ``Rescue Me'' is every inch Denis Leary's show. Not only does he star as troubled fireman Tommy Gavin, he also produces and co-writes the New York drama. In July, Leary was nominated for the lead actor in a drama series Emmy. John Halama, recently demoted by the Seattle Mariners to Triple-A Tacoma, threw a perfect game Saturday night in the Rainiers' 6-0 victory over Calgary. Philippine House Committee on Justice decided Monday afternoon to recommend the impeachment complaint against President Joseph Estrada to the House plenary session scheduled for next Monday.
t9365 Diamonds are still a girl's best friend, but at the age of 93 they're too much to worry about, said romance novel queen Barbara Cartland, who Wednesday was selling off 80,000 pounds (130,000 dollars) worth. The death toll from heavy rains and thunderstorms that have lashed Pakistan's southern port city of Karachi has increased to 43, an official said Sunday. A default on bonds by Greece or any other eurozone country is "out of the question," European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet said Tuesday. He was the ``true patriot, a trusted friend'' chosen by President Bush nine days after Sept. 11 to create a grand strategy for deterring future terrorist attacks. A tearful Tiger Woods dedicated one of his most hard-fought victories to his ailing father here Sunday, an emotional end to a Masters that vindicated Woods' recent struggles with swing changes. Stocks fell sharply and money gushed into safe investments Friday as Wall Street experienced a bout of deja vu from the turmoil of August. President Andres Pastrana's U.S.-backed offensive against drug crops has hit a flurry of domestic opposition from critics who say aerial spraying harms people and the environment, punishes poor farmers and has failed to stem drug trafficking. Thirty people have been killed in traffic accidents across South Africa in the past two days, a non-governmental organization said here on Monday.
t3174 Palestinian police found two bombs along a road near a Jewish settlement due to be used by PLO chief Yasser Arafat returning from Egypt among seven devices discovered Sunday in Gaza. South Korea will send 350 peacekeepers to Lebanon in July, the Defense Ministry said Thursday, as part of international efforts to oversee a cease-fire between Israel and militant group Hezbollah. US conglomerate General Electric delivered an upbeat outlook on "earnings power" Friday as it reported a fall in first-quarter profit that was better than the market expected. Between Sunday night's New York opening of ``Topdog/Underdog'' and Monday afternoon's awarding of a Pulitzer Prize to Suzan-Lori Parks' play, there was a wild party, presided over by lead producer Carole Shorenstein Hays, whose first encounter with the first review _ a rave in the New York Times _ Three crewmen on a pirated Japanese tugboat were released unhurt in southern Thailand after being held captive for a week, officials said Monday. Dan Moldea has been beaten up by thugs, trashed in the press, accused of chilling free speech and threatened with prosecution. Wade Miller won his fourth straight start, and the Houston Astros rallied for five runs in the sixth inning to beat the Kansas City Royals 8-3 Friday night. This year's UNEP Sasakawa Environment Prize has been awarded to French Scientist Michel Batisse for his outstanding contributions to the conservation of the earth's natural resources and the promotion of sustainable development, according to a news release by the Nairobi-based U. N. Environment Program (UNEP) available Saturday.
t2708 Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak will pay a visit to Washington next month at the invitation of President Bill Clinton, the White House said Friday. Security officials say six people, including anti-Syrian lawmaker Walid Eido, his son and two bodyguards, are killed in explosion in Beirut. A growing number of civilians are being maimed by crude bombs and mines in southern Afghanistan, the heartland of an intensifying Taliban-led insurgency, the Red Cross said Thursday. After reading the first two stories in ``Interesting Women,'' by Andrea Lee _ an American living in Italy _ you start to wonder if you haven't accidentally picked up ``Sex and the Citta.'' In ``The Birthday Present,'' the young American second wife of a Lombard attorney surprises him by As European Union leaders resume debate on economic reform, the United States is growing ever more anxious for its trading partners to shore up their legs of the global economy. Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton drew another distinction between herself and Sen. Barack Obama on Thursday, refusing to rule out the use of nuclear weapons against Osama bin Laden or other terrorists in their hiding places in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Montreal at Toronto (7:05 p.m. EDT). An all-Canadian matchup as All-Star Vladimir Guerrero and the Expos face Carlos Delgado and the Blue Jays. Scottie Pippen hobbled around on his sore left ankle on Wednesday, worsening the Portland Trail Blazers injury situation as they prepared to play 10 of their next 13 games on the road.
t5475 The parliament in Crimea, an autonomous region of Ukraine, opened an emergency session Saturday to discuss the crisis caused by Ukraine's decision to abolish the Crimean presidency. Airline traffic at Charleroi airport returned to normal Monday after a strike left thousands of travelers stranded over the weekend, officials said. US Vice President Joe Biden warned Tuesday the Obama administration would not let "powerful," "cynical" foes block its financial reform plan, including the regulation of "shadowy" derivatives. Federal prosecutors announced charges Wednesday against a politically connected Manhattan businessman and his partner, accusing them and three of their hotel business associates of defrauding five banks of more than $42 million. Iran said Thursday that a proposal it has given the European Union on easing international concerns over its nuclear programme has shown the Islamic republic's "seriousness" in resolving the issue. Judy Larson, director of the National Museum of Women in the Arts, has resigned her post, according to the museum. The West Wing of the White House was partially evacuated Thursday after a car parked on the driveway nearby raised suspicions. President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney remained working inside. Australia's federal Treasurer Peter Costello Wednesday unveiled updated budget forecasts for this financial year, with a surplus higher than predicted.
t3968 The Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Osaka Securities Exchange have decided to reinstate the membership of Baring Securities (Japan) Ltd., suspended on both exchanges since February 27, a news report said Tuesday. Child sex abuse is rampant among Aborigines in remote northern Australia, a government report released Friday concluded, blaming widespread drunkenness and the degradation of traditional societies as among the root causes. Iran slammed the United States as an "atomic criminal" on Saturday and called for its suspension from the UN nuclear watchdog, while urging changes to the Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). With the Bush administration and Congress uncertain about what should happen to Amtrak, and the railroad discussing the possible abandonment of its long-distance network at the end of the summer, the General Accounting Office provided a different perspective on Thursday: the system is already just about gone. All Blacks and Auckland Blues lock Ali Williams was banned Tuesday for six weeks for stomping on the head of Canterbury Crusaders captain Richie McCaw in a Super 12 rugby match. Thousands of carpenters, dry-wall workers and other craftsmen from Stockton, Calif., to San Diego were idled in July as the slumping real-estate market put a sledgehammer to construction jobs in California, according to state figures released Friday. Euro-zone finance chiefs expressed guarded optimism Monday that the European and world economies might be about to rebound after months of slowdown. Fang Kuanrong, a colleague of Wu, was charged with accepting bribes worth 1.29 million yuan from Lai and others and giving convenience to Lai for his smuggling of oil products, and helping destroy and conceal criminal evidence concerning Lai's group.
t7472 Some 80,000 Finnish nurses ended their month-long strike here late Thursday by accepting a 4.5 percent monthly pay hike, national negotiator Jorma Reini said. Apparently heading for easy Senate confirmation as U.S. ambassador to Pakistan, nominee Anne W. Patterson praised President Pervez Musharraf on Wednesday for his efforts to counter terrorist incursions along the Afghanistan border. US President Barack Obama was briefed Friday on the latest bloodshed in Iraq, where a wave of attacks, including five car bombs, killed 58 people and wounded dozens more. Two 16-year-old brothers were found not guilty Thursday of the murder of Damilola Taylor, a 10-year-old Nigerian immigrant whose death from a stab wound on the open stairwell of a rundown London housing project more than a year ago caused national revulsion because of evidence that passers-by had let As many as 2,000 people may have been killed when a powerful earthquake hit the Indonesian island of Nias, Indonesian Vice President Yusuf Kalla said Tuesday. A Washington Post article about sales of junk food in schools should have made it clear, in describing a television ad for Gatorade A.M. as portraying "active suburban parents and kids," that there were no children in the scene. All the characters in the ad were played by adult Sheriff's divers searched Monday for the last of five people believed to have died when their van bounced over a concrete guardrail into a river. Experts and scholars attending a symposium on narcotics control here Friday called for more scientific study on relapse prevention of drug abuse and enhancement of the anti-drug awareness of the public.
t4976 A National Hockey League season that was nearly wiped out in a four- month labor battle has so far been hardly worth the effort made to save it. For more than a century, Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary has prepared teenage boys for the priesthood, largely unchanged as the city around it transformed from gritty industrial center to modern metropolis. Indonesia's Constitutional Court on Monday rejected a petition by moderate Muslims, minorities and rights groups against a 1965 blasphemy law, in a ruling seen as a test of the country's pluralism. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Irish lock Paul O'Connell has been banned for two weeks after being found guilty of punching in Saturday's Six Nations match against Wales at the Millennium Stadium. Actor and former Sen. Fred Thompson confirmed that he is running for president Thursday, ending a political flirtation he has been conducting since March and thrusting himself into the thick of the battle for the Republican nomination. Scientists working in Ethiopia have found what may be the oldest known traces of human-like life _ teeth and bones from up to 5.8 million years ago _ in a discovery that challenges the long-held belief that man's earliest ancestors first emerged on the grassy plains. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,913.64 points Monday, up 87.52 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t4477 PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's self-rule authority has run out of funds to pay 20,000 civil servants on April 1, a senior official told AFP on Wednesday. Wall Street barreled higher again Friday after the week's most anticipated economic reading indicated that inflation excluding the price of gas remained tepid last month, easing some concerns that have jolted stock and bond markets in recent sessions. Poland reopened its airspace at 4:00 am (0200 GMT) Sunday but only for planes overflying the country, the spokesman for the Polish air traffic control agency said. Summery warmth will cover much of the nation east of the Rocky Mountains Monday as the jet stream remains across southern Canada. In the Central Plains, plenty of sunshine and brisk winds from the southwest will raise temperatures into the 80s and 90s, near record highs. US President George W. Bush's upcoming meeting with the leaders of Canada and Mexico, Washington's partners in the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), will focus on security, US officials said Tuesday. A piece of steel equipment flew off the 23rd floor of the former Deutsche Bank building Thursday, injuring two firefighters just five days after two others were killed in a horrific blaze there. A doctor watching 8-year-old shark attack victim Jessie Arbogast for brain damage said Tuesday that the boy is showing some encouraging signs. Only four cites, namely, Shijiazhuang, Lanzhou, Xining and Urumqi, suffered slight pollution Friday with the pollution index reading at 103,119,134 and 101 respectively, according to the daily air quality report released by the China Environmental Monitoring Center Friday afternoon.
t4249 Hong Kong is to introduce tough penalties against copyright piracy to demonstrate its determination to combat infringement of intellectual property, a government official said Wednesday. North Korea warned Friday it might increase its "self-defense deterrent," a term the communist nation usually employs for its nuclear program, even as its key condition for nuclear disarmament was being met. Hardliner Dervis Eroglu led a Turkish Cypriot leadership poll Sunday after a 40-percent count but looked headed for a run-off against incumbent president Mehmet Ali Talat, election officials said. On a gray afternoon in mid-March, a six-passenger Long Ranger helicopter took off from Downtown Manhattan Heliport in New York City. Breaking into the chilly air, the aircraft reached 1,500 feet in a matter of seconds, banked right and flew over Battery Park City, near the site of the Portugal on Tuesday confirmed the deaths of three of its nationals as a result of December's Asian tsunami disaster which killed more than 270,000 people but said four other citizens, including a baby, were still missing and presumed dead. Why do some people infected with the virus that causes AIDS become overwhelmed by the virus while others are able to hold the pathogen in check? Shaking confidence in Europe's ability to stave off recession, a leading economic institute slashed its growth forecast on Tuesday for Germany, predicting that the continent's biggest economy will expand at only 1 percent this year. China on Thursday became the ninth country to adhere to a United Nations agreement for the development of global vehicle regulations, according to a press release by the UN Economic Commission for Europe (UN/ECE).
t8550 Blue-chip share prices edged up to new record highs in early trading Monday, benefiting from a stable dollar and steady long-term interest rates. Germany has increased its security measures, officials said Friday, amid intelligence reports suggesting an increased threat of attacks against the country's nationals in Afghanistan -- or even suicide bombings in Germany itself. China's business and financial centre, Shanghai, will host the World Expo starting on May 1. The following is a fact file on the event, also known as the World's Fair: We know Sheryl Swoopes can hoop like few others. But rare is it when her immense game, which is among the most polished in the world regardless of gender, isn't preceded by things we wouldn't dare say about others players _ namely, men. West Indies master batsman Brian Lara smashed his 27th Test century here on Friday on the opening day of the second Test against South Africa to surpass Sir Garry Sobers as his country's most prolific century maker. U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer issued a preliminary injunction that blocks the Department of Homeland Security from starting a program to punish companies based on discrepancies between their workers' names and Social Security numbers. Strong indications of possible imminent terrorist actions against the United States in the Arabian Peninsula were reported Wednesday by the State Department. Guizhou Province in southwest China will spare no efforts to seek foreign countries and international organizations for more assistance to boost economic development, Vice-Governor Mo Shireng said Thursday.
t1284 President Burhanuddin Rabbani's troops prepared to launch a tank assault against Shiite rivals in Kabul on Tuesday under cover of jet strikes from the air. Environment experts and ministers from around the world on Monday gathered in Sweden to informally discuss the options and possibilities of a new global climate agreement that would replace the Kyoto Protocol in 2012. US President Barack Obama warned Tuesday that the world must act, not simply talk about securing nuclear materials that extremists could fashion into a bomb to kill hundreds of thousands of people. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com West Germany's 1974 World Cup winner Franz Beckenbauer admits he is willing to step up his bid to become the next UEFA president after the German Football Federation (DFB) gave him their backing. A flurry of intelligence assessments have warned that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, the man U.S. policymakers hope can help salvage the Middle East peace process, may not be politically strong enough to achieve that goal, according to U.S. officials. The Florida Marlins placed center fielder Preston Wilson on the 15-day disabled list with a sprained ligament in his left thumb. The Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Thursday urged its member countries to work more collaboratively on the road to regional integration.
t2958 Wales celebrated a rare rugby victory on Saturday when the International Board voted to give them the 1999 Rugby World Cup Final. Attorneys for a reputed Ku Klux Klansman wrapped up their case Wednesday without his testimony on kidnapping and conspiracy charges in the 1964 deaths of two black teenagers. Hong Kong share prices were 0.92 percent higher in the first few minutes of trade Thursday, with the benchmark Hang Seng Index up 203.73 points at 22,325.16. Investor confidence in United Online Inc.'s anticipated profits and new network deals sent its stock to new levels on Monday. Iraq is recalling its ambassador to Jordan in a tit-for-tat move against its western neighbour after Amman withdrew its enoy to protest anti-Jordanian protests here, a foreign ministry official said. In a speech to a meeting of democratic freedom fighters in Prague on June 5, President Bush announced a concrete mission for his State Department. ``I have asked Secretary Rice,'' he said, ``to send a directive to every U.S. ambassador in an unfree nation: Seek out and meet with An Indian appeals court has upheld the death sentences of four people convicted of killing a 7-year-old boy to please a Hindu god. Chinese President Jiang Zemin met with Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov Friday, expressing his hope that Sino-Russian relations will continue to grow and prosper.
t9165 US entertainment giant Walt Disney Co. launched its first overseas pay channel, in Taiwan, providing a variety of animation and movie programs, on Wednesday. Alinghi began its defense of the America's Cup with a 35-second first-flight win over challenger Emirates Team New Zealand Saturday. South Korea's current account surplus rose sharply in March as brisk exports offset a rise in dividends paid to foreign investors, the central bank said Wednesday. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. A string of seven straight birdies saw triple Masters winner Tiger Woods turn a six-shot defecit into a three-shot lead going into Sunday's final round of the 69th Masters. President Bush declared Wednesday that he remains "relevant" despite his political troubles and derided Democrats for running a do-nothing Congress that has failed to address critical domestic, economic and security issues in the nine months since they took control of Capitol Hill. French police took convicted murderer Ira Einhorn from his home in this southwestern village Thursday, speeding him away to waiting American officials for the trip home to the United States. Manchester United kept their winning momentum by beating the visiting Tottenham Hotspur 2-0 in the English premier league on Saturday.
t6243 Six of Europe's biggest film production groups, including the German group Bertelsmann, France's Chargeurs and the British group Rank Organisation said Monday they were forming a lobby to press for an expansion of the European film industry. Unshaken by its legal problems in the United States, online video leader YouTube will attempt to extend its cultural reach and increase its moneymaking opportunities by programming new channels in nine other countries. The top international envoy to Bosnia on Wednesday sharply attacked the Bosnian Serb government's plans to review the list of some 8,000 Muslims killed in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide. It came from the smokestack, in dark plumes that would hang in the air _ the toxic leftovers from the nation's largest lead smelter, which has lorded over this Mississippi River town for more than a century. Thunderstorms and showers halted the second round of the US PGA Players Championship here Friday with golfers taking the course for only 44 minutes. To anyone working in the country, there is only one possible, informed response: What Afghanistan is the man talking about? America's second surviving set of septuplets, five boys and two girls, are in critical condition at a Washington hospital where doctors describe them as tiny but perfectly formed and ``beautiful.'' China's super coal field Shenfu Dongsheng put into operation Friday another coal mine with an annual capacity of five million tons of coal.
t2741 A top US official who visited Mongolia recently expressed Washington's support for the country Friday and praised the "valiant" efforts to achieve democracy and economic reforms. Two congressional committees are issuing subpoenas for testimony from former White House counsel Harriet Miers and former political director Sara Taylor on their roles in the firings of eight U.S. prosecutors, according to two officials familiar with the investigation. Air space over northern Finland has been closed due to ash from a volcano eruption in Iceland, airport services company Finavia said Thursday. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. The death toll from a gas explosion at two adjacent coal mines in northern China doubled to 42 on Sunday, state media reported. Television newscaster Mirthala Salinas was suspended without pay for two months -- but not dismissed -- Thursday from KVEA Channel 52 for covering Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa while they were romantically involved, a relationship that journalism experts said damaged the station's credibility. Paul Walker plays an undercover detective posing as an import-car street racer in the new movie, ``The Fast and the Furious.'' A senior official with the World Bank (WB) Thursday pledged that WB will render more support to China in economic, educational and scientific fields.
t6836 Russian aviation engineers are to help upgrade more than 100 MiG-21 fighter aircraft of the Indian air force to state-of-the-art levels, the news agency Interfax said here Wednesday. Ten years ago, a plunge in the Thai baht sparked a wave of recessions across Asia's high-flying economies, bankrupting entire nations, putting millions out of work and shaking markets around the world. Some feared that a decade of growth would be lost. Former Austrian cyclist Christof Kerschbaum has become the first athlete to risk jail under the country's new anti-doping law, after being indicted for doping. It has become a political tradition here that every April 24 the president issues a statement to recall and deplore the massacre of Armenians in Ottoman Turkey in 1915. These annual statements have the dual purpose of recognizing a 20th-century tragedy and catering to an influential ethnic constituency. A senior Maoist rebel leader on Sunday denied Nepalese military reports that the movement is split but did not directly respond to army claims that he and his wife had been expelled from the party's politburo. Living in more compact, pedestrian-friendly neighborhoods actually would do more to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide -- the chief climate-changing gas -- than driving a hybrid car while staying in a typically spread-out suburb, the report asserts. Germany won the rowing World Cup for the fifth straight year after victory at home Sunday in the final regatta of the four-event series. Annan condemned "in the strongest possible terms" the violence which took place Monday in the Gaza Strip, his spokesman Fred Eckhard said.
t520 The elders of the besieged Chechen town of Shali gathered in the central mosque Saturday and pledged to defy a Russian threat to attack areas where separatists fighters are still holding out. Police took up positions every 50 meters (yards) along the streets of Tirana and snipers guarded the capital's squares as Albania took unprecedented security measures for U.S. President George W. Bush's visit Sunday. Heavy fighting killed up to 39 militants and four soldiers in Pakistan's lawless tribal areas on Monday after rebels laid siege to a remote military base. Law enforcement agencies have pooled criminal information that has helped in the arrests of 859 fugitive aliens over the past seven months at U.S. ports and borders, federal officials said Friday. An elephant trampled to death a Mozambican woman who had illegally crossed into South Africa through the famed Kruger National Park game reserve, an official said Wednesday. They are called VIPER teams -- small groups of U.S. air marshals, bomb detection specialists, transportation inspectors and behavioral experts. The government peace envoy was heading to a remote region on Saturday to receive dozens of war prisoners expected to be freed by Colombia's largest rebel army. The United States enlarged its five-point lead to eight after five fourball matches on Saturday, closing to regain the biennial Presidents Cup golf tournament in Gainesville, Virginia.
t8156 With Japan's expected economic recovery in jeopardy, the government has come under growing pressure to take strong action to stop stock prices from slumping and the yen from breaking through the ceiling. He does not want to be an ogre about it, but the father of a fifth-grader thinks teachers are wasting students' time when they show movies in class -- and if the film is a bootleg copy of "Shrek the Third," he says, "that's a really terrible lesson." Afghanistan's president will visit India next week to strengthen the "strategic partnership" between the two countries, the Indian foreign ministry said Saturday. Republicans' eight-year domination of governorships could end this fall, party leaders say, and they fear such a turn would carry serious consequences for other Republicans in November and hinder President Bush's re-election drive in 2004. Turkish President Ahmet Necdet Sezer will pay an official visit to neighbouring Syria on April 13-14 for talks on further improving ties between the two former foes, a Turkish official said. The idea probably looked great on paper: Do a sequel to the popular 2003 Jim Carrey comedy "Bruce Almighty" about a TV news reporter who is visited by a new-wavish God (Morgan Freeman), cast funnyman Steve Carell, who played Evan, the anchorman whom Bruce despised, bring back Freeman and United Airlines' parent company, UAL Corp., lost a worse-than-expected $292 million in the second quarter, battered by the dropoff in business travel and higher labor and fuel costs. At the invitation of Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji, Prime Minister Andranik Markarian of the Republic of Armenia will pay a working visit to China from December 4th to 8th, 2000.
t9913 A man who pleaded guilty to molesting schoolgirls was to become the first convict to be shamed on Singapore television Friday night. Europe's largest business lobby on Monday welcomed the results of last week's EU summit, and dismissed concerns that changes demanded by France to a proposed new treaty weakened the bloc's commitment to free market economics. The United States said Wednesday it will "not stand in the way" of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's bid to attend the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty review conference next week. That's the highest-priced favorite in the 128-year history of the race. The 1999 favorites (a coupled entry of General Challenge and Excellent Meeting) were 9-to-2. The Palestinian Authority on Monday accused US President George W. Bush of "legitimising" Israeli settlement activity after he said it was unrealistic to expect a full return to borders set in 1949. A U.S. military strike against Iran would have dire consequences in petroleum markets, say a variety of oil industry experts, many of whom believe that the prospect of pandemonium in those markets makes U.S. military action unlikely despite escalating economic sanctions imposed by the Bush administration. Police on Friday released a list of Web sites that Chandra Levy visited on May 1, the day the former federal intern disappeared. Prices of gold and silver recovered smartly on the bullion market in Mumbai (Bombay) Thursday due to a steep rise in the global prices.
t6872 A cargo ship carrying reprocessed nuclear waste from France to Japan has rounded Cape Horn, on the southern tip of South America, and entered the Pacific Ocean, the environmental group Greenpeace said Wednesday. South Korean farmers rallied Wednesday to denounce a free trade agreement with the United States, as officials from the two sides prepared to discuss amending the hard fought deal ahead of its expected signing later this month. Slovakia deported an Algerian convicted in France and Britain for alleged links to Islamic terrorist networks to his homeland, Interior Minister Robert Kalinak said Thursday. Barbra Streisand turns 60 today, on the occasion of which TIC presents a selection of phrases describing her, harvested from her Web site: ``True Renaissance woman''; ``bold, creative achievements''; ``unequaled by any other female recording artist''; ``dominated the record business for four decades''; and ``favorite female singer of the More than one million members of southern Africa's largest and fastest growing independent church wrapped up their annual Easter pilgrimage Sunday after braving jam-packed traffic, scorching heat and rain. In the back room of an exclusive social club across the street from the U.S. Embassy here, Flemish separatists are plotting the breakup of Belgium. A hot-air balloon caught fire and crashed after hitting a power line, killing a 15-year-old girl and critically injuring her father, a professional balloon pilot who was at the controls. According to reports of the Ukrinform news agency, Kuchma will discuss with his Turkish counterpart, Ahmet Necdet Sezer, the issues of bilateral relations and the two countries' cooperation within regional and international organizations.
t2311 Europe's biggest casino with 300 slot machines, 35 gambling tables and room for 4,500 people, was to open Thursday with a gala VIP ceremony. A federal bankruptcy judge ordered O.J. Simpson's daughter Tuesday to give a deposition by week's end in a lawsuit about the former football star's canceled book, "If I Did It." Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Chinese President Hu Jintao sat down for bilateral talks Thursday ahead of a BRIC summit in the Brazilian capital, an AFP journalist traveling with Medvedev said. According to official figures, at least 30,000 people were gunned down by the guerrillas and government forces in the 1980s and 1990s. An additional 4,000 people captured by the police and army ``disappeared,'' and 600,000 were uprooted from their homes. Steven Gerrard has billed Sunday's showdown with Everton at Anfield as the biggest Merseyside derby of his career to date and warned his team-mates that millions of pounds, not just pride, will be riding on the result. Shares in Lydall Inc. tumbled 13 percent Friday after the Manchester, Conn.-based manufacturer warned that slower sales, price competition and higher costs in two key business lines will continue to cut into profits in the second half of 2007. Justine Henin ended Jennifer Capriati's Grand Slam dream on Thursday by becoming the first Belgian to reach a Wimbledon final after a 2-6, 6-4, 6-2 victory on Centre Court. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 1,961.28 points today, down 12. 29 points from the last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co. Ltd.
t5840 European Union foreign ministers meeting at Carcassonne in southern France Sunday agreed plans to form over 15 years a vast free-trade zone with Mediterranean countries and said they would hold political talks later this year. Sunni clerics named a moderate scholar as their new mufti on Monday, a day after his predecessor died of a heart attack. Greek officers have seized the biggest cache of weapons yet belonging to one of the most dangerous extremist groups in the country after raiding a hideout in Athens, a police source said Tuesday. Until the 1970s Brazil was an almost entirely Catholic country. No longer: Census figures due next month are expected to confirm those of an unofficial 1998 survey, which found that one in six Brazilians now professes loyalty to mainly Protestant evangelical churches. Natallia Tsylinskaya of Belarus won the 500-meter time trial title here Thursday, capturing the first title at the World Cycling Championships. After spending less than four hours on the ground at Islamabad's international airport, former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was bundled aboard a plane for Saudi Arabia, where he had been sent into exile seven years ago after Gen. Musharraf overthrew him in a coup. The Charlotte Hornets, who have a history of letting key free agents go, are on the verge of losing Eddie Robinson to the Chicago Bulls. The annual salary packages of Australia's top executives have risen a massive 26.8 percent in the past year, the Australian Financial Review said Thursday.
t4750 A Russian freight plane crashed Thursday in the Kamchatka peninsula in Russia's far east, killing six crew members, Russian officials announced. Deposed Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas on Saturday appointed a new security command, replacing commanders loyal to moderate Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, a spokesman said. An international conference will take place in Kabul on July 20 to demonstrate support for Afghanistan's government, US envoy Richard Holbrooke said Monday. Former Led Zeppelin bassist John Paul Jones calls his most recent spate of recording, which has yielded two solo albums in the past three years, ``my fifth career.'' At least nine students were hurt and more than a dozen arrested Wednesday in clashes with police on the campus of a Benin university over the government's choice of a new rector. In a city whose street-food scene has long been dominated by boiled hot dogs, any out-of-the-ordinary vendor cart is sure to attract attention. And not necessarily the kind the owners want. A loose network of terrorists, mostly Algerians, poses a growing threat to Americans and U.S. interests, a U.S. security expert says. The Central Bank of the Philippines foresees the banks' bad loans to increase to 16 percent in the succeeding months due to higher interest rates that have become difficult for bank clients to meet.
t1587 China early Wednesday failed to prevent discussion by the United Nations here of a western resolution criticizing Beijing's human rights record. Israel successfully launched an advanced spy satellite into orbit on Monday, officials said, giving it a sophisticated new tool in its efforts to collect intelligence on archenemy Iran and other regional adversaries. The body of Polish President Lech Kaczynski will lie in state from Tuesday for grieving citizens to pay respects, as investigators probed the jet crash in Russia that killed him and 95 others. Q. I do all of the regular maintenance suggested, like defragging and disk cleanup, to keep my Windows system tuned up, but I find it still gets slower over time. Why is this? Greenpeace activists on Thursday dumped two dead dolphins at the French embassy in London as part of a campaign to stop fishing trawlers snaring and killing dolphins in giant nets strung between them. Complaints: The Tahoe LTZ makes no sense as a daily urban commuter. It's too big. But it makes perfect sense in a place such as the New Orleans Dead Zone. After adding more than 10,000 new employees this year, IBM Corp.'s burgeoning Global Services group is laying off about 1,500 workers. On Friday, discounted funds on the China's securities investment fund market moved in correction, with signs of capital flowing into funds with low price levels.
t5109 Australia has renewed an offer to mediate in Sri Lanka's ethnic conflict, just two weeks after Tamil rebels rejected a similar offer from France, diplomats said Friday. U.S. nuclear envoy Christopher Hill said he hopes inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog will be able to visit North Korea soon after a breakthrough in a snarled disarmament process. The Indian government is considering selling a 10-percent stake in state-run National Aluminium Co. Ltd. (Nalco) as part of its stepped-up drive to sell state assets, a minister said Monday. A 6-year-old boy's older siblings are being held by police on suspicion of murder after the child was suffocated and stabbed to death in a wooded, muddy ravine near his home Monday, authorities said Tuesday. A Texas man has pleaded guilty to an attempted firebombing of the Islamic Center of El Paso, Texas, and is facing a maximum potential jail sentence of 30 years, the Justice Department said Wednesday. If Sen. Larry Craig is guilty of a serious crime, you'd never know it from listening to the audiotape of his arrest or from reading his arrest record. Nine months after a California State student drank himself to death, the nation's biggest university system adopted some of the most sweeping restrictions in the country on college drinking Wednesday. Britain Tuesday called on rebel forces in Sierra Leone to abide by a cease-fire agreement reached in the Western African nation late last week.
t7838 Proposals to ease restrictions on telephone and cable companies are gaining support in Congress, and the US government wants flexible rules to enable the industry to offer new services, a federal regulator said Friday. Russia's foreign minister warned Washington on Thursday that U.S. refusal to accept a Russian proposal of a joint missile defense would strengthen Moscow's belief that the prospective American missile shield is directed against Russia. He called the current state of relations "alarming." Salvage teams lifted the remaining half of a broken South Korean warship from the seabed on Friday, another crucial step in the investigation to determine the cause of the deadly disaster. As boxes of documents were wheeled into a Delaware courtroom on the first day of the Walter Hewlett versus Hewlett-Packard trial, one spectator jokingly speculated on what they contained. CSKA Moscow took a huge step to becoming the first Russian team to win the UEFA Cup when they crushed French side Auxerre 4-0 in the first leg of their quarter-final on Thursday. Question: I have noticed that my puppy, Franki, has hair loss on the top portion of her tail. She hasn't been overly itchy or bitten her tail, either. The vet said it didn't look like ringworm or mites (and that I would notice because she would be constantly scratching). The Pentagon's blueprint for expanding missile defense research includes the first-ever test of a space-based interceptor by 2005-06, a senior defense official said Tuesday. The appeal came as Annan addressed the Fifth Committee of the 55th General Assembly session, which convened a closed meeting to discuss a U.N. panel's report on peacekeeping operations. The Fifth Committee is in charge of U.N. administrative and budgetary affairs.
t7575 Japanese shares fell to their lowest value in 31 months on Friday as a strong yen pushed corporations to sell off stock to boost year-end earnings and amid growing concerns over the economy, brokers said. He was a typical, spoiled child of the so-called Asian economic miracle, a dynamic Thai entrepreneur who dined at fancy restaurants, drove flashy cars and sent his children abroad to summer schools. Greece appealed for a debt rescue from the EU and IMF on Friday and said that help should arrive within days, in a dramatic turn for the eurozone at risk from Greek contagion. On the final day of one of the most closely watched corporate trials in years, Hewlett-Packard chief executive Carly Fiorina testified Thursday that she had told a major investor that its support for the Compaq merger was ``of great importance to our ongoing relationship.'' An old Japanese jail in the Northern Mariana Islands is to be excavated in an effort to end decades of speculation about the disappearance of famed aviator Amelia Earhart, officials here said Tuesday. Today, the NHRA is the world's largest motor sports sanctioning body, best known for its professional race car drivers locked in 300-mph duels over a straight quarter-mile stretch of pavement in 23 national events held each year. Sarah Michelle Gellar says she's ``nervous'' and ``excited'' about her series, ``Buffy the Vampire Slayer,'' moving from the WB to UPN this fall. Visiting Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri warned Saturday that Israel's brutalities against unarmed Palestinians would "torpedo" the Middle East peace process.
t8610 Winnie Mandela only heard of her sacking from her government post after President Nelson Mandela had announced it at a press conference here, her private secretary, Alan Reynolds, said Monday. Antoni Gaudi's Sagrada Familia church, an unfinished Barcelona landmark that is considered a marvel of modern architecture, has lacked a construction permit for more than a century, city officials acknowledged Friday. Jacques Lemaire, a Hall of Fame player and long-time National Hockey League coach, has stepped down as the bench boss of the New Jersey Devils. There are three ways a chef can learn: by traveling, cooking with other chefs and reading. The first two are the most important. Iranian President Mohammad Khatami has "strongly denied" Israeli media reports that he shook hands with Israeli President Moshe Katzav and spoke with him at Pope John Paul II's funeral at the Vatican, the official Iranian news agency IRNA reported Saturday. A Washington Post article on former congressman Harold Ford Jr.'s proposal of marriage to Emily Threlkeld in Paris, incorrectly referred to the hotel where he proposed as the Ritz-Carlton. It is the Hotel Ritz. After a delayed start, the NBA free agent market opened Wednesday with Chris Webber reportedly deciding to stay with the Sacramento Kings. The Philippine government is hoping that the political opposition, in seeking the resignation of President Joseph Estrada, will be decent enough not to encourage the people to participate in illegal acts, a senior official said Thursday.
t3545 Sexual harassment has become a serious problem for Shanghai women working in foreign joint ventures, according to the operator of a crisis hotline, the Xinmin Evening Post reported Monday. A U.S. judge showed no sign that he would delay a prison term for a former aide to Vice President Dick Chency in the CIA leak case Thursday -- even as he reported getting threatening letters and phone calls after sentencing I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby. Japan's key midfielder Shunsuke Nakamura said his difficult time at Spanish club Espanyol enabled him to identify his weaknesses ahead of representing his country at the World Cup. Almost every day for the past five years, Monty Drake and Associates has been taking a crack at a multimillion-dollar illicit business _ counterfeit clothing, shoes and accessories. Jean Tiberi, who was President Jacques Chirac's nominated successor as mayor of Paris, was placed under judicial investigation Monday in a vote-rigging enquiry. Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki will convene a political summit on Tuesday in hopes of ending Iraq's deepening governmental crisis, he announced Monday. With robotic and computer problems finally under control, NASA is gearing up for another round of space station construction _ this time to install a front door for spacewalking astronauts. American basketball legend Magic Johnson returned to Scandinavian Sunday, but his new Magic Great Danes lost 68-97 to Zalgiris of Lithuania in the Northern European League in Copenhagen, Denmark.
t8694 But Eyal Berkovitz and Reuoven Atar scored for a 3-2 Israel win, before Bulgaria finished France off when Emil Kostadinov scored in the dying seconds for a 2-1 win at the same venue. The Borsa Italiana's board of directors approved plans on Friday to merge with the London Stock Exchange, a person close to the discussions said. Belgium's government collapsed on Monday amid a breakdown between Dutch and French-speaking parts, hurtling the country towards elections that cast a doubt over its future as a unified state. Before Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor rode the judicial bench, she rode the range on her family's Arizona ranch. Nigerian Catholics in this mainly-Muslim northern city were deeply moved by Pope John Paul II's funeral on Friday, but outraged that a power-cut prevented them from seeing the end of the ceremony. Oh, there will be the obligatory photo-ops, and even a rare news conference, but a jostling horde of media monkeys will be nowhere in sight. Two explosions in the light tower at Qualcomm Stadium caused the Arizona Diamondbacks-San Diego Padres game to be suspended in the third inning Wednesday night. Visiting Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo and South African President Thabo Mbeki Thursday held talks with their host President Robert Mugabe on Zimbabwe's controversial land issue.
t3195 Francois Mitterrand is well and will remain in the political limelight after he steps down as president in May, his wife Danielle said Sunday. The mayor of a French town near the Swiss border is imposing a curfew for children under 16 after cars and buildings were torched in recent weeks, in violence believed linked to presidential and parliamentary elections. Poland said Friday that none of the foreign delegations scheduled to attend president Lech Kaczynski's funeral had so far pulled out as a cloud of volcanic ash disrupts air traffic. Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday that he intended to meet with Yasser Arafat this weekend and suggested that it was time for all parties to stop setting conditions and move toward serious peace talks ``that will get us what we want _ which is a state, which US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Monday warned North Korea it is considering "other options" against the Stalinist regime if it fails to return to six-party talks. By melting segments of some of the world's oldest Antarctic glaciers, researchers at Rutgers University discovered that bacteria within the ice had identifiable DNA. You have to squint at the black stone to decipher how many Jews were killed in this farming village in 1941. The ``8'' on the monument has been neatly blacked out with shoe polish or paint. Only the ``00'' remains visible. Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Lakshman Kadirgamar has urged British Home Secretary Jack Straw to proscribe separatist Tamil Tiger rebels under the new anti- terrorism act and to place its front organizations under close scrutiny, the Foreign Ministry said on Friday night.
t4804 The head of China's securities watchdog ruled out Thursday the opening of a third stock exchange in the country this year, citing a clash of priorities. Marcos Baghdatis defeated home favorite Philipp Kohlschreiber 7-6 (1), 6-4 Saturday to set up a meeting with Tomas Berdych in the Gerry Weber Open final. The cloud of volcanic ash that has paralyzed air travel in Europe has had no impact on the US military's air operations in the United States, the Pentagon said Monday, denying statements to the contrary by a senior US official in Brussels. The probe is part of a far reaching investigation by a Justice Department task force looking into possible criminal activity by current and former Enron employees as the company collapsed into bankruptcy, sources said. Former Bosnian Serb general Vinko Pandurevic, wanted by the UN war crimes tribunal for alleged genocide during Bosnia's 1992-95 war, was to surrender to The Hague-based court on Wednesday, the 10th suspect to do so under the newly-adopted cooperation strategy of the Serbian government. For the past 15 years, California authorities have been trying to figure out what happened to a businessman named Norman Hsu, who pleaded no contest to grand theft, agreed to serve up to three years in prison and then seemed to vanish. Lauryn Hill, Marc Anthony and Luther Vandross are teaming up to help earthquake victims in El Salvador and India by playing a benefit concert in San Jose this month. Premiership leaders Manchester United fought back from a first-half 1-0 down to beat Middlesbrough 2-1 at Old Trafford at the premier league on Saturday.
t2323 Cuban President Fidel Castro will make a speech at UNESCO headquarters in Paris during a three day visit to Paris next week, his first ever such official trip, it was announced Thursday. Indonesian police have arrested the alleged leader of Jemaah Islamiyah, the Southeast Asian terror group blamed for the 2002 Bali nightclub bombings and a series of other attacks in recent years, a spokesman said Wednesday. A huge cloud of ash from an Icelandic volcano covered northern Europe on Thursday, grounding thousands of flights as countries imposed the biggest airspace closure since the September 11 attacks in 2001. Oprah Winfrey announced Friday that her television show would no longer program the influential ``Oprah's Book Club'' on a regular basis, a development that had writers and publishers mourning the loss of one of the biggest boons to reading and sales since the creation of the Book-of-the-Month Club more Lebanon marked a turning point in its relations with Syria this week, as Syrian military forces completed the first phase of a withdrawal, but must now surmount acute political divisions left over from the nearly 30-year Syrian presence in the country. The French want to be paid more to work less. When they're not on holiday, they're on strike. Or, as President Bush probably never said, the trouble with the French is that they don't have a word for ``entrepreneur.'' Hannelore Kohl, the wife of former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, committed suicide at the family's home in the western city of Ludwigshafen, her husband's office said Thursday. She was 68. Police operatives have rescued a kidnapped South Korean student and arrested two suspected members believed engaged in the kidnapping for ransom of fellow South Koreans in Metro Manila, police said Tuesday.
t8473 Belgrade reiterated Monday its refusal to recognize Croatia and Bosnia-Hercegovina as independent states in a move likely to further escalate tensions in the region. Suspected Taliban militants attacked police posts in southern Afghanistan, sparking clashes and NATO airstrikes that left 25 civilians and 20 militants dead, a senior police officer said Friday. The United States must understand that it cannot bully Iran and should respect the rights of the Islamic republic, parliament speaker Ali Larijani said in the eastern city of Tabas on Sunday. After a two-hour meeting near Moscow, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and his Russian counterpart Sergei Ivanov declined to provide any details from their talks or about fresh proposals from both sides. World oil prices soared to record highs over 58 dollars a barrel early in the week on heightened supply concerns, before plummeting below 54 dollars as data showed US refineries accelerating production. The Campaign for a Commercial Free Childhood launched a letter-writing effort on its Web site and demanded the company pull ads for the Axe line for men, which one online pitch says makes "nice girls turn naughty." IBM announced an 8 percent increase in second-quarter profits, saying its wide range of products and services helped it weather a troubled economy that hurt other technology companies. The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) Wednesday approved a loan of 22 million U.S. dollars to Jamaica to increase the competitiveness of the agricultural sector in global and domestic markets and to improve the incomes of small producers.
t6509 Israel has agreed in principle to a deal with Oman allowing flights by its national airline El Al to cross Omani airspace, Deputy Foreign Minister Yossi Beilin said Tuesday. Lola Wasserstein, an inspiration for many of the characters in the works of her daughter, playwright Wendy Wasserstein, has died. She was 89. More than 6,000 troops due to join coalition forces fighting Afghanistan's insurgency have been delayed by the aviation shutdown in Europe caused by the volcanic ash cloud, NATO said Wednesday. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of MONDAY, APRIL 22, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Former British prime minister and Labour Party leader James Callaghan died Saturday on the eve of his 93rd birthday, a family spokesman said. At first blush, New Hampshire, where the majority of the 1.3 million populace resides in rural towns, seems an unlikely place for gays and lesbians to sojourn for a civil union. But in the past few years, an extensive network of accommodations welcoming homosexual travelers has opened in rustic Lance Armstrong teammate Christian Vande Velde was forced to quit the Tour de France on Saturday after injuring his arm in a crash. The 11th seminar on safety supervision was held jointly by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and the General Administration of Civil Aviation of China (CAAC) in Beijing today.
t9943 A Romanian airliner crashed near Bucharest on Friday after an explosion occurred on board, killing all 59 people on the plane, the Romanian news agency Rompres reported. Iran has invited an International Atomic Energy Agency team to Tehran to work on a plan for clearing up suspicions about its nuclear program, an IAEA spokeswoman said Monday. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has filed an application to visit the United States, US ambassador to the UN Susan Rice said Wednesday, presumably to attend next week's nuclear non-proliferation review conference here. MTV expects to close a deal this week with members of the family of the rock singer Ozzy Osbourne that will be the most expensive in the channel's history. The European Commission on Tuesday unveiled plans to strengthen its ties with partner countries in the Middle East and Mediterranean rim, including doubling educational aid and promoting trade. Inside an unassuming one-story building halfway between Palo Alto and San Jose, Amir Mashkoori and his team are putting the finishing touches on a revolutionary technology that aims to take the silicon wafer out of Silicon Valley. The 189 members of the United Nations negotiated into the early hours Saturday in a make-or-break effort to reach consensus on a plan to halt illegal trafficking in small arms, which kills an estimated 500,000 people every year. Olympic champion Annie Perreault of Canada and Bulgarian world record- holder Evgenia Radanova will not take part in the fourth leg of the International Skating Union (ISU) Short Track World Cup to be opened here on Friday, according to the organizers.
t3845 Japanese overall wholesale price index in February fell by 0.1 percent from the figure for the previous month after having risen by 0.1 percent in January, the Bank of Japan said on Tuesday. A jury has convicted a reputed member of the white supremacist group the Ku Klux Klan of kidnapping and conspiracy in the 1964 deaths of two black teenagers in southwest Mississippi. German General Egon Ramms, chief of operations of NATO-led forces in Afghanistan, said Saturday he doubted whether the timetable for Afghans to take over security would be met. If you're interested in building a log home, you don't have to spend millions of dollars, let alone put in a bowling alley. On average, a completed log house with 1,500 square feet, with either milled or handcrafted logs, costs $225,000 to $260,000, according to Robbin Obomsawin, the author Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev will address the nation Tuesday afternoon over the ongoing unrest sparked by a disputed parliamentary vote, a spokesman told AFP. It would be a mistake to dismiss the valuable environmental documentary ``The 11th Hour'' as a mere redux of ``An Inconvenient Truth.'' Whereas the 2006 Al Gore-starring film, which won an Academy Award for best documentary, focused intensely on global warming, ``The 11th Hour'' takes a broader approach in Goran Ivanisevic claimed one of the most stunning championships in Wimbledon history Monday, beating Patrick Rafter in five sets after barely getting into the tournament. A train traveling toward the region of Kiffisias collided with another train that was headed toward the same direction, causing the derailment of two cars, the Macedonian Press Agency (MPA) reported.
t5114 A Swiss Air employee arrested by Thai police on drug charges joked with reporters Friday and insisted that 1,930 amphetamine capsules found in his luggage were merely for his own use "over the next 10 years." Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas swore in an emergency Cabinet on Sunday and outlawed the militia forces of the Islamic Hamas movement, deepening the violent rupture in Palestinian society. Pakistan's President Asif Ali Zardari will on Monday sign into law sweeping constitutional reforms stripping him of key powers in a move to bolster parliamentary democracy weakened by military rule. Less than a month from now, under extreme secrecy and high-tech security, a heavily armed convoy of trucks is to begin rolling from Colorado to a government fortress near here along the Savannah River. It will carry the first shipment of 34 tons of weapons-grade plutonium once aimed at Al-Qaeda linked groups and the radical arm of the biggest Muslim rebel organization in the Philippines are planning to stage "multiple" attacks through the archipelago, the United States warned Wednesday. Jon Soltz rapped his pen on a conference table as he ran through plans to take on politicians who back the war in Iraq. The former U.S. Army captain and Iraq war veteran was demanding television ads. The government is delaying a planned auction of wireless licenses that are ideal for delivering high-speed Internet, video and other features to telephones and handheld devices. U.S. retail sales rose 0.1 percent to a seasonally adjusted 273.2 billion U.S. dollars in October, the slowest pace since August and down from a 0.9 percent gain in September, the Commerce Department reported Tuesday.
t3540 Sudanese anti-smuggling police have intercepted 20 lorries and pick-up trucks loaded with hides, ivory and crocodile skins destined for Egypt, the official SUNA news agency reported Monday. Two British cyclists were given a wild ride -- and can expect a big tip -- after two policewomen commandeered their pedicabs to catch a crook in Hereford, about 145 miles (235 kilometers) west of London. Scuderia Toro Rosso have confirmed that Sebastien Buemi's spectacular accident in first practice for the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Friday was caused by an upright failure. When The Band performed its ``Last Waltz,'' its final live performance, on Thanksgiving 1976, Rolling Stone magazine groused at length on the ticket price -- $25, which included a five-hour, all-star concert, an all-you-can-eat turkey meal and postshow ballroom dancing. Today, $25 will likely get you two tickets to The authorities in Budapest and other parts of Hungary on Monday ordered low-lying roads closed as the country's main rivers, including the Danube, threatened to break their banks due to melting snows in mountainous regions. Ventura County, Calif., authorities have arrested a man on suspicion of fatally attacking a 6-year-old boy with a meat cleaver, authorities said Monday. The Bush administration wants to greatly expand the number and kinds of testing it believes is needed to build effective missile defenses, and is willing to spend billions more to do it. Udinese have held joint top spots three times in all, but second half goals by Roberto Sosa and Massimo Margiotta allowed Luigi di Canio's team to go solo and retain their unbeaten record this season.
t9910 A last-minute dispute among UN Security Council members over whether the word Croatia should figure in renaming a UN mission threatens to derail the entire UN peacekeeping operation in Croatia. Hamas militants on Monday released a recorded message from captured Israeli soldier Cpl. Gilad Shalit, the first sign of life from the young serviceman since he was abducted exactly one year ago. A US man convicted in the 1998 stabbing death of a Hispanic immigrant was executed by lethal injection, Texas correction officials said Wednesday. If people learn by repetition, it's no wonder Victor Espinoza was the most patient person in Kentucky on the first Saturday in May. His job Saturday in the Kentucky Derby was to ride 20-1 long shot War Emblem to an early lead. A US national was kidnapped from a reconstruction project site Monday afternoon in the Baghdad area, a US embassy spokesman said. U.S. diplomats and senior Iraqi officials have repeatedly singled out corruption as one of the greatest obstacles to stability in Iraq. But until recently, commanders acknowledge, they knew little about the murky dealings that sustain militant groups across the country. A stubborn fire in a downtown train tunnel injured two workers Friday, delaying efforts to extinguish the blaze blamed for problems in everything from cyberspace to shipping. HONG KONG, December 7 (Xinhua) - World Telecom leader Ericsson on Thursday expressed strong confidence in the fast-growing Chinese telecom market and promised to invest more and more in China.
t5385 Bad weather forced Endeavour to cancel its attempt to return to Earth Friday, leaving the seven-member crew to extend their record-long space shuttle mission, space agency officials said. The trial of a Malaysian political analyst charged in the slaying of his Mongolian lover took a new twist Monday when her family's lawyer demanded the judge and a defense lawyer be replaced because they are related by marriage. The head of a UN-backed independent panel fighting crime in Guatemala on Tuesday called for a "transnational" response to the threat posed by drug traffickers and organized crime. In the ongoing legal battle over Nirvana's musical legacy, the surviving members of the legendary Seattle rock band want Courtney Love ordered to submit to a psychiatric examination. Yemeni opposition journalist Abdul Karim al-Khaiwani, who received a presidential pardon after serving part of a prison sentence for harshly criticizing the regime, was released from jail Thursday, his family said. It's no longer true that presidential races begin on Labor Day (unless Presidents Day counts as the new Labor Day). But even with this year's unprecedented early maneuvering, the contest still heats up as autumn temperatures cool. The exchanges between candidates sharpen; the advertising wars intensify; voters focus more The Bush administration's energy development plans are meeting resistance in Congress as Democrats block new drilling in federal monument areas and vow to stymie attempts to develop oil and gas reserves in the eastern Gulf of Mexico and an Arctic wildlife refuge. Israel has arrested at least 15 Palestinian militiamen who Israel claimed were responsible for recent "terrorist attacks" against Israeli settlers and soldiers, security sources said on Wednesday.
t7747 British tobacco giant BAT Industries plc late Friday blocked diversification plans of Indian bluechip firm ITC Ltd. but lost a fierce boardroom battle to boot out the chairman. The European Defense Agency on Thursday welcocmed a Franco-German initiative to jointly develop a large transport helicopter that would replace U.S.-built choppers currently in service. Hong Kong shares fell 0.98 percent Friday as fears over Greece debt crisis mixed with measures aimed at restricting property speculation in the city. The San Francisco Film Festival gala on Thursday night was the best in years, said guests, who praised everything from the filet mignon to the delightfully blue tone of the speeches. Introducers Sean Penn and Sharon Stone were enthusiastic and amusing, award recipients Warren Beatty and Kevin Spacey beaming Christoph Achenbach, the head of the troubled German department store chain KarstadtQuelle, has quit after less than a year on the job, the company confirmed Thursday. With a president who vows not to lead another "spoon-fed" African country "enslaved" by international donors, Eritrea, a tiny, secretive nation on the Horn of Africa, has walked away from more than $200 million in aid in the p ast year alone, including food from the United Nations, development The State Department called on the Palestinian Authority on Tuesday to go beyond condemnation of a fatal suicide bombing in Israel and arrest those responsible for the attack. Changchun, one of China's most important automobile production bases, will spend 21.2 billion yuan (2.56 billion U.S. dollars) in upgrading its auto making technologies in the next five years, officials said Sunday.
t5763 Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong on Sunday announced he was postponing a visit to the Philippines as Singapore nationals there stepped up security and even left because of the controversy over a Filipina maid hanged here. Rwanda and Burundi on Monday formally joined the East African Community, a regional trade bloc that hopes to make it cheaper and easier to do business on an impoverished continent that is struggling to lure investors. The head of India's central bank said Tuesday that more interest rate hikes might be necessary this year to control inflation after two increases in the past month. Under pressure from Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, Merrill Lynch Thursday agreed to include more details in its research reports about its investment banking relationships with companies it covers. But the two parties could not reach a settlement on the conflicts of interest Spitzer has said he The head of Britain's information watchdog said Friday he will likely gain access to secret advice on the legality of the Iraq war that the government received in the run-up to the March 2003 invasion. Asher B. Durand (1796-1886) formally invites you to hike into his landscapes. Wear stout shoes. Or Natty Bumppo moccasins. And bring a notebook. Wyatt Simeon Pillsbury, a Peace Corps volunteer in Tanzania, has died while vacationing on the Tanzanian island of Zanzibar, the agency announced Thursday. Kenya has this year alone seized thousands of kilograms of illegal drugs in transit or being smuggled into the country, the Daily Nation reported Thursday.
t1785 However, the British would have to tell Mike Rosswess, twice a European indoor bronze medalist, that he would not, after all, be taking Christie's place. A torrent of mudslides, flooding and lightning washed away a shantytown crowded with migrant workers in southeastern Bangladesh, killing 105 people and leaving scores unaccounted for, officials and witnesses said. A French documentary film on first lady Carla Bruni-Sarkozy that is still in the final stages of production has been sold for release in a dozen countries, the distributor said Wednesday. A 19-year-old man has been charged with strangling his uncle, a well-known wrestling coach and civic leader, during a robbery here on Sunday night, the police said Wednesday. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice left Pakistan for Japan Friday on the next leg of a six-nation tour to Asia, her first since taking office in January. Katelynn Hernandez and her friends are busy in their play office, punching numbers on a calculator and letters on a typewriter and forming their names in blocks. A rift in Canada's main opposition party over leader Stockwell Day widened Tuesday, with longtime member Deborah Grey joining 11 other dissidents in calling for Day to resign. Iran's Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh has warned of a sharp fall in oil prices during the second and third quarters of 2001 due to oversupply by major oil producers.
t8967 Siemens Ltd, the Indian subsidiary of the German electronics giant, has tied up with Bharti Telecom Ltd. to market telecommunications equipment in India, company officials said Tuesday. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claimed to be delighted when reformist students disrupted his visit to their elite university in December, burning his portrait and shouting "Death to the dictator!" The amount of commission consumers are charged for making payments in Europe using Visa debit cards is to fall, European competition regulators said on Monday. Why frogs suddenly have started sprouting legs out of their mouths or growing extra limbs has confounded scientists for over a decade, but now a researcher only a few years out of college believes he has pinpointed the culprit _ a parasitic flatworm no bigger than a period. Malaysia has not ruled out eventually including Australia in the new East Asia Summit grouping but is unsure about the timing, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Sunday. YouTube parent Google Inc.'s long-promised method for reducing piracy, unveiled Monday, relies on TV networks, movie studios and other content owners to provide the video-sharing service with master copies of their videos. Jeff Maggert had a rare double eagle in the opening round of the British Open when he hit his second shot into the hole on the par-5 sixth. Norway dominated in the first race of the season as they pocketed Saturday's women's World Cup biathlon relay in Anterselva, Italy.
t9235 President Roman Herzog and Chancellor Helmut Kohl braved a snowstorm Wednesday to travel to this southern German city to wish a happy 100th birthday to German writer and philisopher Ernst Juenger. A federal judge who used to authorize wiretaps in terrorist and espionage cases criticized President George W. Bush's decision to order warrantless surveillance after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. Residents of an Italian village were surprised to find an elephant relaxing in their garden on Tuesday after she escaped from a travelling circus, the ANSA news agency reported. `` Under a Red Bridge'' was shown as part of last year's New York Film Festival. Following are excerpts from Elvis Mitchell's review, which appeared in The New York Times on Sept. 29, 2001; the full text is available at nytimes.com/movies. A Jewish prayer for the dead was recited on the site where the first gas chamber was located at Auschwitz-Birkenau on Sunday upon its formal inclusion into the memorial museum at the former Nazi death camp. He had been a floor broker at the New York Stock Exchange for 18 years but had never seen the panic or billions of dollars in losses that occurred Oct. 19, 1987 -- 20 years ago Friday -- as the Dow Jones industrial average tumbled 508 points, or 22.6 As Michael Vick walked off the field after his first day of training camp with the Atlanta Falcons, teammate Doug Johnson dropped off some shoulder pads. China's Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation (MOFTEC) has started a campaign to crack down on fraud over export drawbacks, according to MOFTEC's two recent specialized meetings.
t2824 Pakistan's President Farooq Ahmad Khan Leghari urged rich countries to allow developing nations freer access to markets in order to combat poverty in a speech at the UN summit here Saturday. The former head of COSATU, South Africa's powerful trade union federation, told striking public sector workers Wednesday that negotiations should take place at the table and not on the streets. Russia on Thursday shut down its last plutonium reactor in the Siberian city of Zheleznogorsk, in line with a pledge made at a nuclear security summit this week, a spokeswoman for the plant told AFP. ``Every once in a while, I feel like I should just blow people's minds,'' Sandra Bullock says, laughing. ``I feel like I should be really bitchy for about 30 seconds and make them go, `Well, she's not that nice.' The Catholic Church on Sunday began ceremonies for the Holy Week of Easter, in which a convalescent Pope John Paul II, for the first time in his 26-year papacy, is expected to play only a minor role as he battles to recover from his recent throat operation. Slowing job growth and increasing credit worries about a Wall Street firm hit by losses in mortgage investments sent stocks tumbling Friday, capping a tumultuous week of trading during which jumpy investors tried to assess just how much more damage the housing downturn would unleash. President Bush said Friday he planned to telephone Russian president Vladimir Putin as part of his effort to strengthen U.S.-Russian relations before their second meeting later this month in Europe. The following are offered Bangkok rice f.o.b. prices, as set by the Rice Committee of the Board of Trade of Thailand, for the week starting Thursday:
t6430 The name of the chief of Israel's internal intelligence agency Shin Beth -- a state secret -- is available on the world-wide Internet computer network, a magazine reported Tuesday. Hundreds of terrified Gazans fleeing Hamas rule were trapped at a squalid crossing with Israel on Tuesday, hoping for permission to pass through Israeli territory to sanctuary in the West Bank. Thousands of frustrated passengers began flying out of Asia's airports for Europe on Wednesday, almost a week after volcanic ash closed European skies. At the start of The House of Blue Mangoes, an Indian village is rocked by the rape of a teen-age girl by outsiders. The village leader, Solomon Dorai, attempts to quell rising fears _ but his actions instead lead to a bloody war for control of the village. Nearly Kyrgyz lawmakers Saturday set a new presidential vote for June as they struggled to stabilise their Central Asian country amid political in-fighting following the toppling of its Soviet-era regime. For years, the seaside Flower of the Cities resort was that rare place in the Gaza Strip where the dress code did not rule out bikinis. Now, with some of its cinder-block cabanas turned into prayer rooms, the beach club shows how Hamas is consolidating its hold here three Tina Thompson and Janeth Arcain scored Houston's last 13 points as the Comets beat Seattle 58-55 Friday night, extending the Storm's losing streak to four games. "The organizers of this crime were pursuing the aim of aggravating the Palestinian territories issue even more and exacerbating the Palestinian-Israeli standoff," the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
t869 The lira slid to a new record low of 1,204.58 to the German mark on Monday in early trading on European markets, reflecting growing uncertainty about Italy's political future. Gold opened at US$650.15 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, down US$7.60 an ounce from Friday's close of US$657.75. Thailand's stock market tumbled more than five percent on Monday after the country's worst political unrest in 18 years left 21 people dead and more than 800 injured. Pope John Paul II offered an Easter prayer on Sunday that the spiral of attacks and revenge between the Israelis and the Palestinians would be ended by discussions between them. President Vladimir Putin made his pitch to visiting Olympics officials on Wednesday to choose Moscow as host of the 2012 Games, arguing that Russia had drastically changed since hosting the 1980 Olympics, but was still a world sports power. A suicide bomber blew himself up in a crowded bazaar in central Afghanistan on Tuesday, killing at least 17 other people and injuring 51 others, officials said. Four-time Grammy winning tenor saxophonist Joe Henderson, long one of jazz insiders' best-kept secrets, died Saturday of heart failure following a long bout with emphysema. He was 64. The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and other security agencies are preparing for the Palestinians' scheduled mass marches on Tuesday to break the closure imposed by IDF on the West Bank and Gaza Strip, security source said.
t4680 Australian Foreign Minister Gareth Evans Thursday defended a visit here by an Indonesian general held responsible for the 1991 Dili massacre in East Timor. Flyhalf Stephen Donald scored 20 points, kicking seven goals and scoring a 90-meter solo try, as New Zealand's Junior All Blacks trounced Australia A 50-0 to seal the Pacific Nations Cup rugby tournament Saturday. Prime Minister Gordon Brown sent in the navy Monday to rescue British passengers stranded by the volcanic ash cloud, as the crisis added an unexpected twist to campaigning for May 6 elections. If the definition of madness is doing the same thing over and over while expecting a different result, Secretary of State Powell's mission to the Middle East is crazy. ``However long the Israeli incursions continue,'' he said on Thursday, ``the problem will still be there. We will still need US ambassador to the Philippines Francis Ricciardone has apologized for the rough treatment of deposed president Joseph Estrada's senator wife, officials said Wednesday. A suicide bomber detonated a vest packed with explosives in a Sunni Arab mosque in Fallujah on Monday, killing 10 worshipers, including the imam, and shattering what had been a period of relative calm for a region once the most volatile hotbed of Iraq's insurgency. Colombia's military has applauded a new international human rights report focusing on abuses by leftist guerrillas, calling it a vindication of the charges they have been making for years. Saudi Crown Prince and First Deputy Prime Minister Abdullah Ibn Abdul-Aziz here on Sunday further pressed the Islamic countries, that still have official relations with Israel, to downgrade or freeze these ties in a sign of support to the Palestinians and other Arabs.
t4790 Chinese parliamentary delegates on Thursday called for extensive revisions to a draft central bank law, arguing that it grants the People's Bank of China (PBC) too much independence in monetary policy. The U.S. should talk with Nepal's former rebels whom Washington still considers terrorists even though they have joined mainstream politics, former U.S. president Jimmy Carter said Saturday. Eleven major natural gas exporting countries meeting in Algeria decided on Monday to work towards a long term plan to index prices with oil, Algeria's Energy Minister Chakib Khelil said. Byron R. White, who during 31 years as an associate justice of the Supreme Court moved rightward along with the court majority, died in Denver Monday of complications from pneumonia. He was 84. Former US world chess champion Bobby Fischer, who is set to move to Iceland after eight months' detention in Japan, is widely considered one of the sport's most brilliant minds of all time. Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Conn., picked up the first significant prize in the competition for labor union endorsements Tuesday, winning the support of the International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF) in what his advisers believe will be an important boost to his presidential primary campaign. More than 60 Cubans have landed on Miami-Dade County shores this week after trips aboard smuggling boats, the Border Patrol said. With regulations on Chinese character Internet domain names emerging, the new domain system is sure to beef up China's Internet industry, analysts said.
t9938 A 15-month scandal that has shocked Thais and, many fear, damaged the Buddhist religion here ended Friday with the defrocking of a controversial monk accused of fathering a child and visiting brothels. Human rights group Amnesty International said Monday that Turkish authorities had frozen the bank accounts of its branch in the country in a move it said amounts to a violation of rights to free expression and association. Saudi Arabia's top Islamic rule-makers reiterated on Wednesday that Muslims should pray in congregation in mosques, rebuffing an an outspoken religious police official who nearly lost his job for saying that praying alone is fine. For more than a decade, Sen. Pete Domenici, R-N.M., has urged Congress to pass mental-health parity legislation. Last week, President Bush conferred an influential endorsement that should convert the idea into law. Mobile phones do not increase the risk of cancerous tumors of the brain, according to a new study by the Danish cancer society, published Monday. On Oct. 31, 1941, work on Mount Rushmore was completed after 14 years. Sculpter Gutzon Borglum and about 400 people worked on the project to carve the 60-foot granite heads of former presidents George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln into the side of a South Dakota The People's Consultative Assembly started an impeachment hearing on Saturday, less than an hour after President Abdurrahman Wahid accused lawmakers of treason and announced he would boycott proceedings against him. The Republic of Singapore Navy (RSN) and the Royal Swedish Navy (RSwN) started an annual Mine Countermeasure (MCM) exchange program at Singapore's Tuas Naval Base Thursday to enhance interactions between the two navies and defense relations between the two countries, according to a press release from the Singapore Ministry
t2512 Hezbollah guerrillas on motorbikes fired rocket-propelled grenades (RPGs) at a post held by the Israeli-backed militia in south Lebanon on Friday. Shimon Peres took a commanding lead Wednesday in the first round of voting for Israel's president, a race that has taken on a high-profile buzz because of rape allegations against the incumbent and Peres' campaign to cap his six-decade political career with a term in the president's mansion. Three bomb blasts rocked a park in Myanmar's main city Yangon Thursday as thousands of revellers celebrated an annual water festival, leaving nine people dead and at least 75 wounded, officials said. At midafternoon Friday, Mohamed El Filali was master of ceremonies at a pro-Palestinian rally here, leading a couple of hundred protesters in a cheer: ``Sharon, Hitler are the same. Only difference is the name.'' A superbly taken goal by Dutch winger Robin van Persie gave Arsenal a 1-0 win over Blackburn on Saturday in a dress rehearsal for next month's FA Cup semi-final between the two clubs. In October, 2001, an obituary in the Jersey Journal reported the death of Anne Marie Burgess, 90, the mother of suspected couples killer Joseph Henry Burgess. If confirmed by the Senate, Robert Mueller would be sixth full-time director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The others, and their terms in office, are: The gold price in Hong Kong surged 13 HK dollars to close at 2,475 HK dollars a tael Wednesday, according to Po Sang Bank, one of the major gold dealers in Hong Kong.
t3202 A string of new bomb attacks in the Algiers region has killed at least one person and wounded three, reports said Sunday, as security forces uncovered an explosives and munitions cache in the capital. Chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday urged the adoption of a "roadmap" for a new European Union constitution at the bloc's summit next week, but cautioned that "a solution is not yet in sight" to the current strife over the new charter. World oil prices fell sharply on Friday, pressured by energy demand concerns, weak US economic data and a strengthening US dollar in pre-weekend trade, analysts said. Thousands of Angolans sang and danced through the rutted streets of the capital last week to celebrate a cease-fire that may finally end nearly a quarter-century of war. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice reiterated Monday that lifting the EU arms embargo against the communist country now would be sending the wrong signal. The Democratic presidential forum at the Production Group Studios in Hollywood will be broadcast live on the Logo cable/satellite network Thursday at 9 p.m. EDT. It also will be streaming live at www.logoonline.com. Prince Charles made a rare public comment on his relationship with longtime friend Camilla Parker Bowles _ by telling a British newspaper he is uncertain he will ever remarry. Jacques Santer, former president of the European Commission, said here Friday night the European Union (EU) hopes to enhance dialogue and cooperation with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
t9238 The Japanese and North Korean ruling parties began work in Pyongyang Wednesday on a joint statement after agreeing to resume talks on normalizing diplomatic ties, news reports said. A fire in a Pakistani shopping mall destroyed 100 stores and offices, injured a dozen people and forced the army to pluck others to safety by helicopter, police said. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will meet Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Egypt next Monday to discuss a resumption of Middle East peace talks, a top Israeli official told AFP. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, MAY 2, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com US activists planned protests in Rome Monday to express outrage at the Vatican's choice of a Boston cardinal who resigned in disgrace after failing to discipline priests who sexually abused children to lead a memorial Mass for Pope John Paul II. It just so happened that Mark Cipriano and his brother-in-law, Angelo Farisello, had extra storage space behind the 1,500-square-foot delicatessen they bought in 1980. Jamaal Tinsley, the former Iowa State guard selected 27th overall in last month's NBA draft, signed a three-year contract with the Indiana Pacers on Thursday. Two so-called militants made a suicide attack against an Indian police camp Monday in south Kashmir, the first since the Ramadan cease-fire came into force last Tuesday, according to the Press Trust of India (PTI).
t3949 An Alitalia jetliner lost a wheel after landing at Palermo airport Tuesday but no one was hurt in the accident, airport officials announced. A mother of two in this suburb of Chicago does not have to turn on the news for an update on NASA's space mission. Uncertainty was growing Saturday over the whereabouts of toppled Kyrgzstan president Kurmanbek Bakiyev, who quit his country two days ago for Kazakhstan, amid reports he has already moved on. He spun a wedge shot to within five feet on the 18th green, rolled in his putt for par and then gave one more wave to the gallery that always has felt like family rather than a following. Indonesian share prices closed flat Tuesday on profit-taking in smaller stocks, while an extended rebound in market movers Telkom and Indosat limited declines, dealers said. If there has been one common theme in the Bush administration's handling of the myriad legal challenges to its conduct of the ``war on terrorism,'' it has been the government's tendency to change the playing field just when defeat seemed imminent. No case has better encapsulated this trend than Robert Iler of ``The Sopranos'' appeared briefly in court Monday, but was not immediately indicted on charges he and two teen-agers robbed two other teen-age boys of $40 on Manhattan's Upper East Side. Anson Chan, administrative secretary of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR), had a series of meetings with New Zealand's Prime Minister Helen Clark and other politicians during her visit to Wellington on Wednesday, according to a government press release.
t99 A court has fined three settlers from Kiryat Arba for praising Baruch Goldstein, their late neighbour who gunned down 29 Palestinians in Hebron a year ago. Screaming and crying out for her mother when she was ordered back to jail, Paris Hilton's cool, glamorous image evaporated as a judge ruled she must serve out her entire 45-day sentence behind bars rather than in her Hollywood Hills home. Police in Greece have arrested six people including a woman suspected of links to the country's leading far-left extremist group Revolutionary Struggle, the authorities said on Sunday. A man carrying a bag of explosives blew himself up in a crowded hotel dining room Wednesday as guests gathered to mark the Jewish holiday of Passover, killing at least 19 people and wounding more than 120 in the deadliest suicide bombing in Israel in nearly four months. The Albanian government firmly condemned Tuesday's bomb attack that narrowly missed Kosovo President Ibrahim Rugova and urged Kosovo Albanians to bring the perpetrators to justice. The Supreme Court Thursday blocked the execution of a schizophrenic Texas death-row inmate in a ruling that makes it easier for mentally ill condemned prisoners to contest their death sentences. Salvatore ``Sammy the Bull'' Gravano, the mob turncoat who put John Gotti away, pleaded guilty Friday to state charges that he masterminded an Ecstasy ring. The Third Cultural Festival in the border area adjacent to Qinghai, Yunnan and Sichuan Provinces and the Tibet Autonomous Region opened today to mark the 50th anniversary of the liberation of this Tibetan city.
t9604 China expressed "deep regret" Thursday over the Japanese government's decision to allow the Dalai Lama to visit Japan, saying the move would have "a negative impact" on bilateral ties. Israeli aircraft targeted a car in Gaza City, the military said, the first such attack since the the Islamic Hamas overran Gaza earlier this month. UN Security Council member Brazil said Tuesday it is working to stave off a fresh round of UN sanctions on Iran and added it could consider hosting an exchange of nuclear fuel for Tehran. Messages spread quickly in cyberspace, too quickly sometimes for the truth to catch up. Shortly after Sept. 11, an unknown individual composed an e-mail that purported to list the donations that various automobile companies had made to relief efforts. The message cited CNN Headline News as the source of Spain's Juan Carlos Ferrero, whose career has taken a dive after a year of illness and injury, got his campaign for a third Monte Carlo Masters title off to a flying start on Monday with a 6-4, 6-1 win over Ivo Karlovic of Croatia. It's dusk in Tijuana's red-light district, and two bouncers are slouching outside a strip joint called the Chicago Club. A car rolls up, a window rolls down, and the American guy on the passenger side starts asking questions in awkward Spanish. Looks like business as usual. A leading Republican senator says he believes a majority of U.S. senators now support allowing federal funding of embryonic stem cell research. China and Russia inaugurated a joint committee here Tuesday with the aim of promoting bilateral cooperation in education, culture, public health and sports.
t1534 The dollar tumbled to record lows against the yen and German mark Tuesday as currency markets were roiled by the Mexican economic crisis and investors shunned the greenback as a "safe haven" currency. There is no alien world behind the virtual reality gear, just a modestly decorated living room that can be seen without the video goggles. Chinese Internet portal Tencent Holdings said it will acquire a 10.26 percent stake in Digital Sky Technologies Ltd (DST), a Russian Internet investment firm and Facebook shareholder. Clearly Buhner, who spent 14 years with the Mariners, felt the love from a Safeco Field crowd of 40,805 -- and reciprocated. European countries were urged Thursday "not to wait for another Madrid or Beslan" and to take urgent, concrete steps to fight global terrorism. Japan has warned leaders of the House of Representatives that serious, long-term damage to Japanese-U.S. relations is likely if the House passes a resolution demanding an official apology from Japan for its wartime policy of forcing women to become sex slaves for Japanese soldiers. AMF Bowling Worldwide, the world's largest operator of bowling centers, filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday under a plan that would allow it to repay debt and restructure its operations. China has recently set up a special work group to coordinate its efforts in cracking down on the crimes of producing and selling shoddy and fake products.
t7964 The peace process in Sri Lanka is on track, but it is still too early to set a timetable for settling the island's protracted ethnic conflict, President Chandrika Kumaratunga said here Saturday. Senior Russian officials on Thursday warned Washington against snubbing Moscow's proposal for cooperating on missiles defense, saying that the deployment of American missile defense sites in Europe would strengthen Russia's belief that it is the real target of the U.S. system. Gunmen in Pakistan destroyed four tankers transporting fuel to NATO troops in neighbouring Afghanistan and killed three police officials in an exchange of fire on Saturday, police said. Thousands of demonstrators streamed through the streets of Paris and other cities Saturday in a further protest against the strong showing of the far-right leader Jean-Marie Le Pen in the first round of French presidential elections last weekend. The first cricket Test between New Zealand and Sri Lanka ended in a draw at McLean Park here Friday when bad light brought an early end to the game two overs after the tea break. "There would be nothing worse for world peace, if the Iranians believed that the United States didn't have the will and commitment to help young democracies survive," Bush said. "If we left before the job was done, there would be chaos. Chaos would embolden not only the extremists and Barely a year after being chosen leader of Canada's main opposition party, Stockwell Day proposed a new election for his job Tuesday over calls from fellow Alliance members for his resignation. Monday's state-run newspaper The New Light of Myanmar stressed the importance of the unity of member nations of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN), stressing that ten hands can achieve what a single hand cannot carry.
t3609 Eight people were killed and around 50 hurt, most of them by gunfire, in violent clashes in Istanbul suburbs between Turkish police and angry Shiite Alawite protesters, the Anatolian news agency said. Shares of French pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Aventis plunged Thursday as investors reacted to U.S. federal health advisers' rejection of the company's Accomplia weight-loss drug. Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson was fined 35,000 dollars by the NBA on Thursday for criticizing officials ealier this week. Obstetrician Michael Burgess' campaign for the U.S. House from Texas's 26th District proved to be a well-run operation _ not surprising, given the dozens of doctors who backed him in a Republican runoff against Scott Armey. A judge will Monday decide whether to reattach a feeding tube on a severely brain-damaged woman, whose fate has sparked an intense and often acrimonious 'right to die' debate in the United States. The Santa Fe Indian Market is the esteemed granddaddy of native art shows in America, drawing about 80,000 shoppers. But Indian art shows are held throughout the United States annually; here's a quick rundown of the most prestigious. Ryan Dempster tied a Marlins record with his 10th win before the All-Star break, allowing four hits in eight innings Sunday to beat Tampa Bay 6-1 and snap Florida's' four-game losing streak. Romania has increased its customs-free wine export quota to the European Union, but more investments are needed to develop this important economic sector, the official Rompres news agency reported Monday.
t7532 Indonesia's Sudono Salim topped a list of the 100 richest tycoons in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), a business magazine here said in its issue Friday. Without a binding agreement between Nashville Predators owner Craig Leipold and Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie, talk of the team relocating to Canada is strictly premature. The Sierra Leone government on Friday launched a project to give legal aid to the country's poor, often denied justice because they cannot afford a lawyer. PROVIDENCE - The prosecution's corruption case against Mayor Vincent A. Cianci Jr. ran into a withering cross-examination Thursday that painted a key accuser as an inveterate gambler who has violated the terms of his bail by traveling to Connecticut casinos more than 450 times to wager $897,000 in the Oil prices retreated further in Asian trade Tuesday as the dollar strengthened and concerns over a supply crunch in the United States eased, dealers said. Sutherland, 40, was charged with driving a vehicle under the influence and having a blood alcohol level above the 0.08 percent state limit in connection with his arrest early Tuesday in Hollywood. City attorney's spokesman Nick Velasquez said prosecutors were also seeking to revoke Sutherland's probation stemming from the Robert Downey Jr., who faced a possible prison sentence on drug charges, was ordered to undergo rehabilitation under a new state law that stresses treatment over punishment for substance abusers. Nearly 97 percent of the 170,000 illegal immigrants detained by Mexican authorities as of October this year were from the Central American countries of Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, said Jose Angel Pescador, the sub-secretary of Population and Migration Services Thursday.
t5706 Forces loyal to Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani took control Sunday of the Moslem militant Taliban stronghold at Charasyab, 25 kilometres (15 miles) south of Kabul, a correspondent said. A bus veered off a highway and fell into a roadside ditch in eastern Germany on Monday, killing 11 people, police said. The worldwide travel chaos inflicted by a volcano in Iceland has highlighted the European Union's inability to get a coordinated aviation system off the ground, leaving travellers and airlines frustrated. The Blackwood was supposed to be exclusive, but perhaps not this exclusive. Lincoln says production of its luxurious pickup truck will end next April, making it one of the shortest-lived models ever. The UN Security Council voted unanimously Thursday to extend the UN mission in Afghanistan for one year, with a mandate to support the country's parliamentary elections in September. In a report to be released Sunday, a panel of experts assembled by the U.S. Institute of Peace calls for a 50 percent reduction in U.S. forces in Iraq within three years and a total withdrawal and handover of security to the Iraqi military in five years. If China emerges as a stronger economic power, but with a more liberalized political system, that would be ``very, very good for the world,'' Condoleezza Rice, President Bush's national security assistant, said Thursday. ISLAMABAD, November 16 (Xinhua) -- The government of Pakistan Thursday granted two petroleum exploration licenses to different companies, a press release of the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Resources said.
t2743 The dollar held firm in US and European trading Friday, scraping through a week that saw the US currency plunge to record lows before the markets finally stabilized. An 8-year-old boy threw his infant twin sisters down the stairs, killing one and injuring the other, authorities said. The death was ruled a homicide. Defending world champion Jenson Button said Thursday that he is optimistic improvements to his McLaren can make him and team-mate Lewis Hamilton more competitive in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. The Dallas Mavericks made Avery Johnson's debut as head coach a winning one on Saturday as they defeated Charlotte 104-93 just hours after the Mavs announced the resignation of coach Don Nelson. A Washington Post article incorrectly described a former title of retired Lt. Gen. Philip R. Kensinger Jr., who has been censured for misconduct in the investigation of the death of Army Ranger Pat Tillman. Kensinger previously served as the commanding general of the U.S. Army Special Operations Command. India.Arie's heroes range from Stevie Wonder and Donny Hathaway to Oleta Adams, Oprah Winfrey, Toni Morrison and ``my mom, who taught me everything I know about singing and life.'' Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji said Thursday that China will invest more in environmental protection in the coming years and carry out a strategy of sustainable growth.
t250 The World Bank wants Romania to accelerate privatisation to qualify for a loan of 250 million dollars, bank representative Arntraud Hartman said on Friday. Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf has withdrawn a law that imposed curbs on the media after the move triggered nationwide protests by journalists and opposition parties, officials said Saturday. The body of Polish President Lech Kaczynski will be transported directly to Warsaw from the site of the plane crash in western Russia where he was killed, RIA Novosti news agency said Sunday. Well, in ``Death to Smoochy,'' they get their wish. He's totally out of control, just eating up the screen like a piranha. But by the time he's ad-libbed his 25th penis joke (on the way to what must surely be a Guinness record), they might want to reconsider the Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian condemned China Wednesday for "heightening regional tensions" by passing an anti-secession law this week, in his first comments since the legislation came into force. His makeshift art gallery survived warlords, gangsters and even Islamic zealots during Somalia's 16-year civil war. But when the transitional government took charge of Mogadishu, the artist known as ``Happy'' got two hours' notice that his tiny shop was to be torn down. Isao Aoki shot a 68 in the second round of the U.S. Senior Open on Friday and took over the lead at 1-under par when Bruce Fleisher bogeyed the last two holes. Ministers of agriculture and water of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) states concluded here late Saturday a meeting on inter-GCC agriculture and water cooperation, the official SPA news agency reported.
t979 Kim, who was accompanied by a large delegation of South Korean businessmen, was welcomed on arrival by German President Roman Herzog. He was to meet later in the day with Chancellor Helmut Kohl, who resumed his official activities Monday following knee surgery. Voting kicked off Monday for Egypt's upper chamber of parliament, pitting the president's ruling party against the country's powerful Islamic opposition group, which is participating in Shura Council elections for the first time. A withdrawal of the UN mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) in 2011, as sought by Kinshasa, would be "premature," France's UN Ambassador Gerard Araud said here Tuesday. Rankings reflect sales figures for the week ending March 23 at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other retailers, statistically weighted to represent sales in all such outlets nationwide. The number of titles within the two subdivisions of nonfiction can change from week to week, reflecting changes in AC Milan's hopes of winning three trophies this season were ended after they were unceremoniously dumped out of the Italian Cup by Udinese on Wednesday. There once was a potluck dish so outstanding that those who plopped a helping of it on their buffet plates inevitably returned for seconds. Most often, though, they were disappointed, because all they would find were some crisped edges along the top of the empty pan, along with a Some of the 45 teen-agers and adults on a charter bus that overturned on a mountain pass are defending the driver, who was being held Monday on reckless driving charges. A huge explosion Tuesday rocked one main street in the south of Sydney, destroying a Chinese restaurant and causing massive damage to a block of shops and units either side.
t712 The French government said Sunday it was "optimistic" that talks with unions over a three-week-old public sector strike in Corsica could resolve the dispute, denying that negotiations had collapsed. Three lawmakers moved Sunday to question the oil minister over his decision to consult on oil issues with his cousin -- a former oil minister implicated in a major embezzlement case. New loans issued by Chinese banks fell to 510.7 billion yuan (74.8 billion dollars) in March, the central bank said Monday, suggesting Beijing's efforts to curb lending could be working. In all the debate over Enron, no one is confronting a much larger issue raised by the scandal: the day is quickly approaching when millions of Americans will not have enough money when they retire, even if they escape the losses that so many Enron employees suffered. National oil giant Saudi Aramco granted eight contracts to foreign and local firms to develop two new mega projects in oil and gas fields, the company said Wednesday, without disclosing a value. Some works of recent public sculpture: Two shoddy public bathrooms, his and hers, all spruced up as art; a forklift that, every day for 107 days, carries a handful of stones or bricks to a different urban spot; a long path worn into some exurban fields; a few cheap Kiersten Sorensen tucked her braid under her hardhat, tightened the screw on her headband, looped her climbing lanyard around the trunk of a big ponderosa pine and sank her climbing spurs into the thick bark. The largest Finnish opposition party, the Center Party (KESK), won the municipal election, according to the result released late Sunday night.
t7314 Up to 45,000 pensioners demonstrated in central Paris on Thursday to protest their pension rights, which they say have already been eroded and are facing further threat. America's Cup defender Alinghi of Switzerland and challenger Emirates Team New Zealand are tuning up for a rematch that starts Saturday for sailing's most coveted trophy. Authorities in the United States are probing mining giant BHP Billiton over a 2.5 million US dollar payment related to an exploration project in Cambodia, reports said on Thursday. Trying to head off an impending trial, lawyers for Arthur Andersen submitted a proposed settlement of its criminal case to the government Wednesday, offering fewer concessions than prosecutors were seeking last week when talks collapsed, people involved in the case said. Coastal residents in southern Thailand were urged to evacuate as authorities issued a tsunami warning after a powerful quake off the Indonesian island of Sumatra, officials said early Tuesday. At the former Saturn plant here, workers put down their picket signs Wednesday and said they were relieved to see the two-day strike against General Motors end, but also worried aloud whether the union's deal will lead to a more secure future. A judge blocked a federal agency Monday from releasing documents from its inquiry into campaign activities coordinated by the Democratic National Committee and the AFL-CIO. Land planted in vineyards reached 10,386 hectares last year in New Zealand, an increase of 4, 406 hectares or 73.67 percent since 1991, the Dominion, a Wellington-based newspaper, Thursday quoted a report on the New Zealand wine industry as saying.
t929 Sri Lanka skipper Arjuna Ranatunga hit 107 to put his side on course for a big win in their four-day cricket match against New Zealand Academy XI here Monday. Astronauts James Reilly and Danny Olivas were planning to keep their eyes on their gloves Monday during the first spacewalk of Atlantis' visit to the international space station. Phil Mickelson's emotional embrace of cancer-fighting wife Amy and their family Sunday after winning the Masters showed just how much more than a golf tournament Tiger Woods has lost. With Japan's economic engine stuck in neutral for over a decade, the recession's invisible victims are young people starting out in a radically changed job market. Retired slugger Jose Canseco, whose tell-all book details steroid taking in Major League Baseball, will not have immunity from prosecution when he testifies in a US Congressional hearing here Thursday. A hearing officer Tuesday recommended that murder charges be dropped against Marine Lance Cpl. Justin Sharratt in the fatal shooting of Iraqi civilians in Haditha in late November 2005. Representatives of movie and television actors and producers planned to return to the bargaining table Monday in an attempt to avoid an industry-crippling strike. The Symposium on China-Africa Cultural Exchanges in the New Century, which is sponsored by China 's Ministry of Culture, started this morning in Beijing International Convention Center.
t6514 Austrian President Thomas Klestil on Tuesday welcomed an initiative last week by Indonesian President Suharto to act as a "facilitator" in the protracted Bosnian conflict. Boeing Co. scored a major coup Tuesday, announcing that the original launch customer for its rival Airbus' planned A350 had signed up for another 50 of its own flagship 787 Dreamliners. Japan plans to send its biggest ever team of athletes to the Asian Games in November after an expansion of the regional Olympics programme, a report said Wednesday. Sitting cross-legged on the floor one evening, playing cards with the twins, my wife, Deb, suddenly felt her left arm tingle and then go dead. It flopped from her lap to the floor. When she tried to speak, her words were slurred. A senior member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Massoud Barzani said he escaped an assassination bid on Saturday after a roadside bomb hit his convoy near the northern Iraqi oil city of Kirkuk. Moments after President Bush announced Michael Mukasey as his nominee for attorney general yesterday, the cable networks jilted him for an old flame. David Wells will have back surgery Wednesday and is almost certainly finished for the year, a season in which he was supposed to be the Chicago White Sox's ace. South Asian women receive less attention to their health needs than the region's men, suffering from a lack of access to health care and from cultural practices that prevent many women from consulting doctors, according to a report released here Monday.
t7101 The lead change followed a long starboard tack side-by-side about 30 feet apart when Coutts managed to work his boat through oneAustralia's lee. Finally, as they fell into the disturbed wind off Black Magic's sails, somebody on oneAustralia was heard to say over the on-board microphone, "We're tacking out A second man was being held Wednesday in connection with a series of attacks on a Hindu family that killed a father and daughter and left the mother badly beaten. China's Beijing Automotive Industry Holding Co. plans to invest about 3.7 billion yuan (541.9 million dollars) in the development of alternative energy cars, according to media reports on Thursday. ETHNICLEDE _ At one time, ``eating ethnic'' in Northern California meant a visit to San Francisco for a bowl of cioppino, a plate of chop suey or an espresso. But that is so last century. There's a new face to Bay Area dining. People from more than 60 countries Angola looked set on Monday to equal if not break the record of deaths from the Ebola-like Marburg virus with the number of fatalities rising to 122, just one short of the most serious outbreak ever. This Devil has taste. He wears a sharp suit and an expensive tie. Has his teeth whitened. Uses fancy words like "perdicious." And scoffs haughtily when his sudden appearance in a family wagon's back seat makes Our Show's Hero assume he's being carjacked. Katharine Graham, who helped build The Washington Post into one of the nation's leading newspapers and won a Pulitzer for her autobiography, was in critical condition following surgery after tumbling on a walkway. The white paper says that since 1985, when the Chinese government announced putting the "Long-March" rockets into the international commercial launching market, China has launched 27 foreign-made satellites into space, thus acquiring a share of the international commercial launching market. Up to now, the "Long- March" rockets have accomplished
t5935 More than 150 people were hospitalized after falling ill from fumes in Tokyo subway stations Monday morning, prompting authorities to close one of the city's underground lines, the Japan Broadcasting Corp. (NHK) said. Bibiana Steinhaus thinks being a cop is a lot like being a referee -- which should help next season when she works the German soccer's second division. The two main airports in Paris will progressivley open on Tuesday to allow around three-quarters of scheduled international flights to depart, a French government minister said. At a cheap Peruvian restaurant in Brooklyn, David Rees was telling a story, and it involved: a 1980s punk band called the Minutemen, America, Lenny Bruce, Vanity Fair magazine, Osama bin Laden and Rees' very funny, very profane online comic strip, ``Get Your War On.'' EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana voiced concern at Israeli plans to expand settlements in the West Bank and urged Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to freeze construction, in a statement issued Friday. Two of every three bottles of wine consumed in the United States come from California, and California Wine Month activities are being celebrated even in the mid-Atlantic: When Sheikh Hasina departs from the prime minister's office this weekend, she will be the first leader of this violence-wracked South Asian nation to serve out a full five-year term of office. The Philippine government announced Friday that the Philippines has ratified the international convention against the worst forms of child labor.
t7205 Sinn Fein wants to use its influence to end violence in Northern Ireland, a leading party official said Thursday as breakthrough ministerial talks with party officials seemed imminent. A Kuwaiti diplomat who was assaulted in front of his country's embassy in Iran arrived home for a medical checkup on Wednesday and was greeted at the airport by his foreign minister who said Kuwait was "very angered" by the attack. Sri Lanka's detained former army chief briefly emerged from custody Thursday to attend the opening of parliament and used the opportunity to launch an attack on President Mahinda Rajapakse. A jury Wednesday rejected Michael McDermott's wild tale of time travel and killing Nazis and convicted him of seven counts of first-degree murder in the worst case of workplace violence in Massachusetts history. Sri Lanka's government Monday delayed for two weeks a decision on whether to sell stakes in the state-run oil company after workers threatened to walk out, fuelling panic buying across the country, officials said. Michael Jackson, No. 2 in the Department of Homeland Security, has served as deputy secretary for slightly more than two years. Now, he's leaving the Bush administration, which is approaching its final year in office. Astronauts had to contend with water and air leaks and shrill alarms Monday while outfitting a new passageway for spacewalkers on the international space station. The Hana Bank, one of the major financial institutions of the Republic of Korea (ROK), Thursday opened a branch in Pudong, an emerging financial and trade zone set up in the early 1990s in Shanghai.
t7703 UN refugee officials joined the chorus of concern over Turkey's intervention against Kuridsh rebels in northern Iraq, saying it had triggered a new flight of Kurdish refugees from the battle zone to camps farther south. A suicide truck bomber struck a mayor's office in northern Iraq on Thursday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 40, an Iraqi commander said. Taiwan's parliament Friday passed a bill to limit the time a defendant can be held in custody, amid concerns over ex-president Chen Shui-bian's lengthy detention. In a schoolyard shoot-out, a recently-expelled student opened fire in his former school here on Friday and killed 18 people, including himself. The requiem mass for the funeral Friday of Pope John Paul II will follow centuries of solemn ritual befitting the final farewell to the head of the Roman Catholic Church. It's too bad, as the sum of its parts is much better than its whole. Fred Goss, a fine, funny actor, plays Gracen, the marital arbiter who has a hard time standing up for himself. Faith Ford, another solid TV presence, is his wife. In fact, the show might The government has agreed to pay for 500 coffee workers to take buses home, more than two weeks after the group migrated north in search of work and food. The Arab information ministers held an emergency meeting here Saturday to shape a joint strategy to reinforce media support for the Palestinians and expose Israel's brutalities in the Palestinian territories, Egypt's official Middle East News Agency reported.
t6019 Residents of Namaqualand, in the northwestern Cape, have petitioned Britain's Queen Elizabeth to use her influence to restore their land, a spokesman said here Monday. A team of international investigators infiltrated an Internet chat room used by pedophiles who streamed live videos of children being raped, rescuing 31 children and identifying more than 700 suspects worldwide. The White House on Monday sought to tar Republicans with Wall Street excess, as President Barack Obama cranked up his campaign to quickly pass the most sweeping regulatory reform law in decades. From the time he was a teenager, he was there for James ``Whitey'' Bulger, acting as lookout, intimidator, enforcer, even burying the bodies of those unfortunate enough to cross the South Boston crime boss. Eleven Iraqi police commandos died in a suicide car bombing in Ramadi and five women cleaners were gunned down in the capital, US army and Iraqi interior ministry sources said Friday. Yvonne Smith has had a pair of mental illnesses diagnosed over the years, but it wasn't until a severe psychotic episode landed her in a psychiatric ward that she came to a sober realization: Although her family and friends had long been supportive of her struggles with bipolar disorder, A car explosion blamed on Israel killed a suspected Islamic militant Friday, and Palestinian gunmen shot dead a Jewish settler in a West Bank road ambush. Each killing triggered a gun battle, including Israeli tank fire. The short rains which had been expected to set in early last month in many parts of Tanzania has not arrived, causing fears of acute food shortage country-wide, the independent Guardian newspaper reported on Friday.
t7787 Surgeons discovered 3,750 grammes (130 ounces) of metal screws, coins, spoons and keys inside a 50-year-old man who had complained of stomach pains, Iraqi television reported. Troops attacked and overran a Nigerian oil facility Thursday where gunmen were holding some two dozen workers and soldiers hostage, leaving a dozen of the gunmen dead, the military said. Swiss authorities said Friday they were waiting for official notice of a US court ruling quashing Roman Polanski's bid to be tried in absentia before they decide on the filmmaker's extradition. A rogue computer program that is the online equivalent of a quick-change artist is infecting computers around the world via e-mail and clogging computer networks. Canada's government intends to name an independent expert who would decide whether to launch a public inquiry into why no one has been found guilty two decades after 329 people were killed when a bomb ripped through an Air India jumbo jet in June 1985. Russo keeps an eye out for visitors on his bright, glassed-in porch. His is a house of doorways that lead to hallways within hallways. The author, compact and almost always smiling, likes to watch visitors disappear into closets and reappear, perplexed. How old is it? Even Russo doesn't know. The serious and constructive atmosphere of the Indo-Pakistani summit that ended Monday indicates that both sides are committed to resolving their differences, the State Department said Tuesday. Former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic was re-elected chairman of the Socialist Party of Serbia (SPS) on Saturday at the party's fifth special congress at Sava Center in Belgrade, Tanjug news agency reported.
t2503 A state-owned metals trading company in China has formally launched a countersuit against Lehman Brothers for 128 million US dollars, holding the Wall Street merchant bankers responsible for high-stakes losses on the derivative markets. The leader of the Francophone Liberals has given himself until the end of the month to lay the basis of a new government to succeed the Liberal-Socialist coalition of outgoing Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt. Ousted Kyrgyz president Kurmanbek Bakiyev on Thursday landed in the southern Kazakhstan city of Taraz after flying out of Kyrgyzstan, a Kazakh foreign ministry spokesman said. Running out of patience with a close ally, President Bush called Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Saturday, asking him to end Israel's military offensive in Palestinian territories ``without delay.'' The Bosnian Serb parliament has refused to abolish the entity's defence ministry as demanded by the top international envoy, Paddy Ashdown. The woman at the furniture store treated her aging Basset hound like a beloved relative. He could sprawl on her desk chair all day if he wanted, sleep as long as he liked and if he woke up hungry, she was right there with a treat. A group of writers has filed a new copyright infringement lawsuit against The New York Times in the wake of a Supreme Court decision last week that found the newspaper and other publishers improperly used free-lance articles in electronic databases. The Socialist Republic of Vietnam awarded the Order of Friendship to Chinese Xinhua News Agency and the Medal of Friendship to the Communication Technology Department of Xinhua News Agency.
t8483 Bucharest authorities have captured a Japanese extreme leftist militant who had evaded the world's police for the last 18 years, the Romanian secret service said Monday. The euro was higher against the dollar in European trading Friday with markets brushing off a slip in German business confidence. Britain could soon conclude a 30-year wrangle with Iran over payment for tanks and other military equipment sold in the 1970s, the Ministry of Defence in London said Sunday. ``I fully understand that 10 years ago this city, because of some violence, a lot of violence, saw incredible destruction in lives and property,'' Bush said. ``And yet out of this violence and ugliness came new hope.'' Britain said Friday it was suspending all operations at its embassy in Yemen after receiving a "credible security threat" which is being taken "very seriously". On one side of the widening debate are officers who want many Army units to become specialized, so that entire units or even divisions are dedicated to training foreign militaries. On the other are those who believe that military units must remain generalists, able to do a range of Buoyed by success in its commercial airlines division, Boeing Co. on Wednesday posted a 35 percent increase in second-quarter earnings, beating analysts' expectations. U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan's special envoy Amara Essy, appointed recently, will start his mission in the area on December 2 to assess the humanitarian, economic, political, social and security consequences of the conflict on the two neighboring countries, Eckhard briefed U.N. reporters.
t8382 Australia, confronted by a hard, true pitch and mostly innocuous bowling from the West Indies Cricket Board of Control President's XI, set about preparing for Friday's first Test with a lively batting session here on Sunday. At Georgetown University, Aaron Shneyer put together a Jewish-Arab band and falafel dinners to help students from both sides of the Israeli-Palestinian divide find common ground. Now he is heading to Jerusalem where he will use pop and hip-hop music to promote peace. A senior Saudi religious police officer was replaced on Sunday after irking hardliners with comments about easing the rules for prayer in mosques, and allowing men and women to mix freely. ATLANTA - After two years of stock market doom and gloom, the business press is becoming bullish again. In the publications' vocabulary, ``buy'' is replacing ``sell'' and ``hold.'' The world's paramount agencies for food and animal health on Friday praised North Korea for its "transparency" in disclosing an outbreak of bird flu and pledged to help its appeal to fight the disease. Q: My wife and other family members think I'm crazy, but I've always wanted to run with the bulls in Pamplona, Spain. Can you recommend a tour company to arrange this adventure? The Forest Service is hiring thousands of full-time firefighters this year but has bypassed some of its most experienced veterans because pension rules deny such permanent jobs to anyone over 35. Uganda lost over 110 million U. S. dollars and 33 million dollars in coffee and fish exports respectively in the fiscal year 1999-2000, the New Vision newspaper reported Wednesday.
t6324 Raytheon and Hughes, two key Pentagon suppliers, have proposed setting up a joint venture to build a missile for the US navy, a Defense Department spokesman said Monday. About 10,000 U.S. soldiers using heavily armored Stryker and Bradley fighting vehicles fought their way into an al-Qaida sanctuary northeast of Baghdad early Tuesday. American and Iraqi forces, under cover of attack helicopters, killed at least 22 insurgents, the military said. China must let its currency appreciate for its own financial well-being, the IMF said Wednesday as it forecast two more years of red-hot expansion for the world's number-three economy. Babies in day care are dying here again. The heart-rending funerals are back. Investigators are once again digging for reasons, and outraged editorials are asking, ``How many more children must die?'' Three people were trampled to death and at least 32 injured in a crush of spectators after Friday evening's World Cup qualifier between Iran and Japan, the state news agency IRNA reported Saturday. Zhao, who was detained Sept. 17, 2004 in a Shanghai restaurant and placed under formal arrest three days later, was initially charged with revealing state secrets, which carries a 10-year sentence. The Bush administration will start taking applications Monday from private companies that want to provide pharmacy discount cards to Medicare patients. At least 13 persons, including six non-tribals, were killed and many houses gutted in ethnic clashes in Barahaldi village of North Tripura, East India, Sunday, Inspector General of Police Kishore Jha said.
t9524 North Korea has singled out a US firm, Combustion Engineering, as its compromise builder of new reactors, while calling for two billion dollars in additional aid, government sources said here Thursday. A former military officer sentenced to death for his involvement in the 1975 assassination of Bangladesh's first prime minister has appealed his sentence, a news agency reported Sunday. Danish pharmaceutical group Novo Nordisk, the world's largest producer of insulin for diabetes sufferers, on Monday topped analysts' profit expectations and raised its outlook for 2010. These business stories for release Saturday, May 4, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Britain's Conservative opposition leader Michael Howard's attacks on government immigration policies sparked charges Monday that he was playing to fears among voters that could stir a racist backlash. Those color-coordinated nursery sets always look so soothing -- until you look at the price tags. Even if your tastes lean more toward Ikea than Pottery Barn, a matching crib, dresser and changing table can easily top $1,000. A military helicopter crashed in the foothills of the Caucasus Mountains in southeastern Chechnya, killing nine Russian soldiers and injuring five others, the Russian Defense Ministry said Friday. An agreement has been signed to upgrade the International Potato Center (CIP) in Kenyan capital Nairobi to a full-fledged regional office for Sub-Saharan Africa, the major East African Standard newspaper reported on Tuesday.
t5158 The meteoric rise of the yen is rapidly becoming a nightmare for developing countries receiving low-interest yen loan packages, which, Tokyo has already made clear, are not renegotiable. West Ham won its relegation fight on the final day of the Premier League season. On Monday, five weeks after the last game was played, Sheffield United will try to get the Hammers kicked out. A notorious Australian gangster was murdered in a high-security prison Monday after an argument with a fellow inmate, police said. The Senate moved on Tuesday toward a showdown vote _ probably on Thursday _ on oil and gas exploration in the Alaska wilderness, a core element of President Bush's energy policy and one of Washington's most hotly contested political issues. At least 14 people were killed and over 70 were injured Wednesday following a huge explosion that shook a BP oil refinery in Texas City, Texas, the energy giant said. President Felipe Calderon, blocked from delivering the traditional state-of-the-union address to Congress, called Sunday for changing the format of an annual rite that has become a chaotic embarrassment for Mexico. Key arms makers in the United States and Europe are willing to accept a voluntary program to mark and trace small arms to help curb illegal trafficking, according to documents seen by The Associated Press and confirmed by industry officials. Matt Holland is set to start in Ireland's international friendly against Finland on Wednesday after captain Roy Keane strained a hamstring.
t3774 Racial tension is growing here as Maoris refuse to support a government bid to settle land claims and one small revolutionary group has occupied parklands and begun building barriers and a meeting house. Deposed Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh said early Friday that President Mahmoud Abbas' decision to fire him and his government over Gaza violence was "hasty." Australia star Tim Cahill's late goal gave Everton a 3-2 win over Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park here on Saturday which kept his side in the hunt for European football next season. ``It's kind of a recipe for disaster, if you think about it,'' the 25-year-old guitarist said by phone from his L.A. home. Thailand's government Tuesday approved a three-baht (7.8 cent) per litre or 20 percent hike in retail diesel prices to help ease the runaway costs of a huge fuel subsidy scheme, the energy minister said. It has not been easy for Mike Huckabee to stand out in the crowd of White House contenders, as he is quick to admit. President Vicente Fox's party appeared Monday to maintain its grip on the governor's office in Baja California after a lackluster election marked by apathy and low voter turnout. Chinese President Jiang Zemin and U.S. President Bill Clinton will meet again in Brunei later this month during an upcoming informal meeting of leaders of Asian- Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC), Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Zhu Bangzao said here Tuesday.
t7000 Major French bank BNP has acquired about five percent of the capital of Suez Group "in connection with its financial investment activities", the bank announced on Wednesday. The daughter of Kazakhstan's president confirmed Wednesday that she had divorced a disgraced tycoon wanted in connection with an alleged abduction, a news agency reported. The interest rate demanded to lend money to Greece jumped above 8.5 percent on Thursday after EU data showed that the Greek public deficit last year was much worse than previously estimated. Colorado center Steve Reinprecht doesn't receive the same treatment as Rob Blake when he returns to Los Angeles. That's because most fans probably don't remember him. French President Jacques Chirac said Monday that the European Union hopes for an agreement soon to let Japan take part in a revolutionary nuclear project, despite a row over which country will host it. As surf roiled around the massive carcass on a beach at Point Mugu, biologists cut doorway-size openings in its belly and probed its organs for tissue specimens. About an hour after they had peeled back four-inch-thick sheets of snowy blubber, they started removing foot-long bone fragments that had chipped A minivan plunged into the San Jacinto River and sank upside down in dark water Sunday night, killing four people. A fifth person was missing. Northwest Airlines of the United States and its code-share Malaysia Airlines have been granted antitrust immunity by the U.S. Department of Transportation, a senior official of Northwest Airlines for Singapore/Malaysia announced here Wednesday.
t6265 AC Milan and Juventus, both involved in European cup competition, on Monday agreed to put forward their April 2 Serie A clash by 24 hours. Serbia's foreign minister on Tuesday called for new talks with Kosovo's ethnic Albanian government, saying Belgrade wants to reach a compromise on the province's future. Germany's Lufthansa, Europe's largest airline by passenger numbers, will resume its normal flight schedule on Thursday after days of disruption caused by the volcanic ash cloud, a spokeswoman said. All those concerns about whether the Dodgers got enough back in the trade that sent Gary Sheffield to Atlanta were put to rest, at least temporarily, in what has become the recipe for Dodgers success: Great pitching and just enough offense, with the principals in the Sheffield trade leading Thunderstorms and showers halted the second round of the US PGA Players Championship here Friday with golfers taking the course for only 44 minutes. Frederick W. Smith, the founder of FedEx, and Rep. James L. Oberstar, D-Minn., chairman of the House Transportation Committee, have not been getting along. The Dutch government granted a visa to Slobodan Milosevic's wife Friday, clearing the way for her to visit the former Yugoslav president at the U.N. detention facility where he is being held in the Netherlands. Kuwaiti Oil Minister Sheikh Saud Nasser Al-Sabah warned on Saturday of plunging oil prices early next year as many countries have been storing oil.
t2949 Doris Duranti, a Jewish World War II era film star who had a love affair with Italy's Fascist culture minister, has died in Santo Domingo at the age of 78, one of her relatives said here Saturday. Veteran prop Os du Randt was sidelined by South Africa for this weekend's Tri-Nations rugby opener against Australia so he'll be ready next week for the All Blacks. China's economy grew a blistering 11.9 percent in the first quarter, the government said Thursday, increasing pressure on Beijing to raise interest rates and loosen controls on its currency. The day after Cal State Northridge coach Bobby Braswell said he withdrew his name from consideration for the Oregon State coaching job, the position was offered to Arizona assistant Jay John. Birmingham City beat local rivals Aston Villa 2-0 in the English Premiership at St Andrews on Sunday with an error by Villa goalkeeper Thomas Sorensen again gifting City their opener. Frenchie Davis was hesitant when she was offered the title role in ``Mahalia: A Gospel Musical'' because, she said, ``Well, Mahalia Jackson is a legend.'' Wall Street's pessimism about earnings deepened Friday, sending the Dow Jones industrials down more than 200 points following more bad news from technology bellwethers EMC and Advanced Micro Devices. Hong Kong's railway network will expand from the current 143 kilometers to over 250 kilometers by 2016, with the completion of 12 new railway projects, said Hong Kong's Secretary for Transport, Nicholas Ng, Friday.
t6651 Congress took on the country's mammoth welfare system Tuesday, with the conservative majority seeking vast cuts which the Democrats are blasting as "immoral." CNN plans to go beyond reporting the news by directing its viewers to charity and relief efforts involved in some of their stories. A Mexican citizen is suing Catholic cardinals in Mexico City and Los Angeles, accusing them of purposely hiding the background of a Mexican priest accused of sexually abusing dozens of children. The American Catholic leadership gathered here for an unprecedented summit starting Tuesday on the sexual abuse scandals that have shaken the church's hierarchy, with the spotlight on Cardinal Bernard F. Law and pressure growing on him to resign as head of the Boston archdiocese. One Taiwanese was killed and another injured in a dispute in southeast China's Zhuhai city in Guangdong province, state media reported Sunday. One of the urban wonders that tourists and journalists alike are sure to descend on during the run-up to the Olympic Games is The Place. This is an open-air concourse that runs like a slash through a modern shopping center not far from Tiananmen Square, covered by a LED Virginia's two candidates for governor expressed alarm Saturday that researchers had created human embryos in the lab solely to harvest their stem cells. The largest aluminum plant in the world Tuesday went into production in Pietermaritzburg, about 300 kilometers north of Johannesburg, capital of South Africa.
t5222 Hungary has worked out a long-delayed reconciliation treaty with Slovakia -- though not yet with Romania -- in time for a Paris conference next week where it wants the accord to act as a signal of new stability in central Europe. Exports of wild American ginseng could be cut by some 20 percent if the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service bars Kentucky from selling the medicinal herb overseas. Airlines want governments to reopen some routes through the volcanic ash cloud over Europe, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said Monday, criticising the official reponse. To gain an appreciation for the promise _ and perils _ of genetically modified trees, consider the case of the American chestnut. Few trees have had as remarkable a presence and impact on the American landscape and ecosystem. Former world chess champion turned fugitive Bobby Fischer left Japan Thursday after eight months in custody to live as a citizen of Iceland which saved him from prison in the United States. It's common knowledge that Americans are taking more dietary supplements than ever. But a recent study found that doctors know surprisingly little about over-the-counter vitamins and herbs, to the possible detriment of their patients. Los Angeles Avengers quarterbacks Todd Marinovich and Tony Graziani will miss the Arena Football League team's final two regular-season games. Some 70,000 antipersonnel land mines were allegedly laid in suburban areas near Seoul and other cities across South Korea, including national and provincial parks.
t1654 Silkair of Singapore will launch two new direct flights from Singapore to Indonesia serving Padang, West Sumatra, and Pekanbaru, in Riau province, the airline said Wednesday. Prime Minister John Howard agreed Tuesday to meet the Dalai Lama during the Tibetan spiritual leader's visit to Australia, a move likely to be frowned on by Australia's most important trading partner: China. US First Lady Michelle Obama met with her Mexican counterpart, danced with children and sought to inspire students on Wednesday during a solo trip aimed at reinforcing close ties with Mexico. In an effort to break into the expanding next-day Asian delivery market, United Parcel Service has opened an air cargo hub in the Philippines. Argentina's economy grew nine percent in 2004 compared to 2003 as recovery continued from the South American country's unprecedented economic collapse, according to reviewed government statistics released Thursday. When the world looks back at the troubles of Maoism in China, attention usually focuses on the Cultural Revolution of 1966 to 1976, in which millions were persecuted and society all but collapsed, or on the famine induced by the Great Leap Forward of 1959-62, when more than 20 OPEC members agreed Tuesday to continue pumping oil at current levels but braced for softer crude prices as Iraq showed a willingness to resume its oil shipments. Chinese artists have drawn a 10, 000-meter long painting featuring landscapes, culture as well as economic and social development in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region over the past 50 years.
t8336 The dollar was firmer against the yen early Monday in Tokyo, trading at 88.70-73 yen at 9 a.m. (2400 GMT Sunday), against 88.33-36 yen here Friday afternoon. Breaux Greer broke the American javelin record for the second time this year and won his eighth consecutive national title Thursday on the opening night of the U.S. athletics championships. Police in Rio charged Sunday a second vandal who graffitied slogans on the city's landmark Christ the Redeemer statue after he followed an accomplice's lead and turned himself in, reports said. Snoring can be a sign of something much more serious, and George Resto's wife at the time, Sonia, was worried. A popular clamor for Pope John Paul II to be quickly canonized as a Catholic saint erupted in St. Peter's Square on Friday toward the end of the funeral mass for the pontiff. Britain will cut its troop strength in Iraq in half in the coming months, from more than 5,000 to about 2,500 next spring, Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced Monday. Germany's efforts to revive the depressed ex-communist east of the country got a boost Wednesday when luxury carmaker BMW said it will create about 10,000 jobs in the region, building a new factory for its top-selling 3-series near the city of Leipzig. Experts at the World Economic Forum held here this week indicated that the road ahead may not be as smooth as it has been till now due to increasing competition from other countries.
t790 US skier A.J. Kitt's victory in a World Cup downhill ski race here Sunday was protested by the French team because less than half the field took the course due to poor visability and heavy snow. Actor Wesley Snipes is a victim of "unscrupulous tax advice" and is being selectively targeted for prosecution on federal tax evasion charges because he is black, his attorneys argue in a motion to dismiss the indictment. Russia on Monday united with Poland in mourning President Lech Kaczynski and 95 other victims of a weekend plane crash, as authorities helped grieving Polish relatives identify loved ones. US-Pakistani raids on suspected Al Qaeda members last week might have landed the biggest intelligence prize since the war in Afghanistan began: Osama bin Laden's senior field commander. British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown unveiled his annual budget on Wednesday, extolling the country's robust economy which the government hopes will hand it a third consecutive term in office. Gasoline prices headed higher after six consecutive weeks of declines, the Energy Department said Monday, as an international energy watchdog warned of a petroleum squeeze on the horizon. The driver of a chartered bus that overturned near the summit of a mountain pass while carrying high school students from Minnesota was arrested Sunday on careless driving charges. The witness of a gambling scandal involving Philippine President Joseph Estrada said Tuesday that one of his sons has been missing since last Saturday.
t4311 Picabo Street of the United States, already sure of the downhill title, won her sixth World Cup race of the season here on Wednesday. General Motors Corp. plans to retool its engine plant in Tonawanda, New York, to produce a new clean diesel engine for its light duty pickup trucks, a GM official said Friday. Wigan shattered Arsenal's Premier League title challenge with a breathtaking burst of three goals in the last 10 minutes to win 3-2 at the DW Stadium on Sunday. The Immigration and Naturalization Service mailed out visa extensions last month for two of the Sept. 11 hijackers. The Federal Aviation Administration is still sending newsletters to at least one of the other dead terrorists. Iraq's Shiite and Kurdish leaders allocated ministries Tuesday for the first elected post-Saddam Hussein government, while police announced the arrest of 30 men implicated in dozens of murders, beheadings and rapes. As soon as Kerry Triffin spotted a bed crafted from New Zealand rimu wood at a New York design show last year, he wanted to carry it in his Connecticut furniture shop. His wife had a different idea. The government on Tuesday blocked Lloyds TSB Group's $27.9 billion acquisition of mortgage lender Abbey National PLC, arguing the deal would reduce competition and drive up prices in the banking industry. Three top players withdrew from the season-ending women's tennis Chase Championships on Wednesday due to injuries, namely Serena Williams, Mary Pierce and Anke Huber.
t7286 Relatives of Uday Hussein, son of the Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, denied Thursday he had been seriously wounded in an assassination bid, saying instead he had undertaken a whirl of social engagements. Imagine looking at Leonardo da Vinci's heart sketch while listening to Hank Williams' "Your Cheatin Heart," or viewing a sculpture of an HIV-positive woman in a cast made from wax laced with the retroviral drugs she took to stay alive. Thailand's army on Thursday told anti-government protesters to disperse from their rally base, warning that a crackdown will be launched and their "time is running out". No wonder John Stockton was smiling after the Utah Jazz shocked Chris Webber and the Kings on Tuesday night in Sacramento. He had four days to get back to Salt Lake City and rest his 40-year-old legs. In NBA playoff time, wagon trains could get to the Delta Center Tremors from an earthquake in Indonesia rattled Malaysia early Tuesday, sending residents of hotels and high rise buildings fleeing in the capital Kuala Lumpur, residents said. Bit of a slip-up at the United Nations this week. Someone posted a copy of President Bush's underwhelming address on the U.N. Web site, but turns out it was a draft, complete with helpful phonetic pronunciations for various countries and people. Technology stocks resumed their slide Monday as investors, staying cautious while they awaited this week's flood of earnings reports, collected profits from last week's rally. A Chinese company has obtained 6. 05 million U.S. dollars of aid from the United Nations Montreal Protocol member countries foundation for the production of ozone- friendly fire extinguishers.
t5662 The PLO executive committee late Saturday endorsed continued peace talks with Israel and appealed to the United States and Russia to become actively involved in the negotiations, a senior PLO official reported. Russia on Monday said it supported Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's move to form an emergency government, but called on Abbas and Islamic Hamas to seek a "wide-ranging dialogue" and avert the deepening crisis. Spain's King Juan Carlos and Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero presided Tuesday over a state funeral for four Spanish soldiers killed on a helicopter crash in Haiti. ``I can't imagine Argentina with her head bowed,'' said Colombian writer Gabriel Garcia Marquez at a conference of Latin American journalists and writers in Monterrey, Mexico, early this month. The US ambassador to Kyrgyzstan called on the world community Thursday to help stabilize the Central Asian state on the verge of political collapse after days of fierce anti-government protests. Job creation in the United States came to a standstill in August as the downturn in the housing market led employers to sharply reduce hiring, a government report said Friday. The girl's screams pierced the tranquil sound of the waves rolling ashore: ``My brother! My brother! ... Can you please call 911? We need help! My little brother has lost his arm and his leg!'' The growth of such ties demonstrate that a healthy and stable cooperative relationship between China and the United States, two powers with great influence on the rest of the world, is in the interests of both peoples and the world, Jiang added.
t937 Former premier Raymond Barre announced Monday he will not stand in forthcoming French presidential ballots, saying he could not implement his own policies if elected. The U.S. dollar was trading at 121.66 yen at 2:50 p.m. (0550 GMT) Monday, down from 121.70 yen late Friday in New York. Portsmouth can look forward to a much-needed cash boost of after a stunning 2-0 win over Tottenham in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. About 20 years ago, New York State scientists were surprised to learn that a leading cause of death among loons and other waterfowl was, unlike many other environmental problems, easy and cheap to fix. The problem was with the small lead sinkers commonly used to weight fishing lines. Switching Jewish extremists are plotting to take over a disputed holy site in Jerusalem in a bid to sabotage Israel's planned withdrawal from Gaza, an Israeli television station reported Wednesday. A typical baby born in this country in 1900 was expected to live to about age 45. Today, life expectancy at birth is about 78 and climbing. Americans are living longer and healthier lives than ever before. But we have never been more concerned about the risks and costs The show that some people see as the granddaddy of the current reality television craze, MTV's ``The Real World,'' returns to its first venue _ New York _ with seven strangers yet again agreeing to live together and have their lives taped. Leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), Kim Jong Il, and U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright entered their second round of talks here Tuesday, State Department spokesman Richard Boucher told reporters.
t2620 Eleven people were killed and 24 injured, many of them children, when a powerful car bomb exploded at a Karachi mosque during Friday prayers, climaxing a week of violence in Pakistan's commercial hub. Oil prices fell slightly Wednesday as traders looked ahead to a U.S. government report expected to show that gasoline stockpiles rose last week. Rafael Nadal moved closer to perfection for a second day in succession Thursday, with the five-time champion completing another 6-1, 6-0 rout to roar into the quarter-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters. Laura (``Dr. Laura'') Schlessinger arrived in Atlanta on a recent publicity tour in such a cheerful mood she began signing her new book 30 minutes early for an adoring crowd. Mateja Kezman claimed a late double as Chelsea edged a little closer to their first English league title in half a century with a 4-1 win over struggling Crystal Palace on Saturday. House and Garden magazine got the exclusive on Martha Stewart's expansive new line of home accessories for Macy's that is now trickling into stores. The Q&amp;A with Stewart in the August issue reveals few new nuggets about what's up in Marthaland, but the sneak peek at the latest plates, As the number of charter schools grows nationwide, school districts should make sure they are held to the same standards as other public schools, the nation's largest teachers' union said Thursday. The chief organizer of Athens 2004 Olympics appealed to Greek politicians on Tuesday to stop squabbling and cooperate behind a national cause.
t8413 Lyon mayor Michel Noir faced the end of his political career on Friday as his trial for fraud wound up here, the first in a series of corruption and illegal political financing cases to go before the French courts. Slovakia's former authoritarian prime minister, Vladimir Meciar, was re-elected Saturday as chairman of his party, a member of the current Slovak governing coalition. Australia's spy agencies are investigating the apparently fake passports linked to a Cold War-style hit in Dubai after a police probe failed to yield enough answers, the foreign minister said Sunday. These Sports stories for release Friday, March 29, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian condemned anti-secession legislation that China enacted this week as a "law of aggression" and repeated a call for one million people to march in protest. A U.S. search early Saturday for fighters allegedly linked to Iran turned into a firefight in which the military said it killed 26 militants. The Iraqi government rebuked the Americans for carrying out the raid in a Baghdad slum without its permission, and local leaders said many innocent bystanders Defying a veto threat, the Democratic-controlled Senate passed sweeping patients' rights legislation Friday night, promising millions of Americans new health care protections and the ability to sue their HMOs. The arrival of Yellow River water today excited people of Tianjin, a north China port city, which has been hit by several water crises.
t1726 Germany has decided to suspend arms shipments to Turkey in view of the continuing Turkish offensive against Kurdish bases in Iraq, government sources said Wednesday. Italian energy company Eni SpA and Russia's state-controlled OAO Gazprom on Saturday said they signed a memorandum of understanding on the possibility of supplying Russian gas to European Union countries through a pipeline under the Black Sea. France's proposal to ban the burka is not the right way to get Muslim women to stop wearing the full Islamic veil, Muslim scholar Tariq Ramadan said here Thursday. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. At least 40 rebels from Yemen's minority Zaidi community and 10 soldiers have been killed in clashes in the northwest of the country since Friday, military and tribal sources said Sunday. It was the first time since the Tibetan spiritual leader fled into exile in 1959 that a sitting U.S. president met with him in public, and the solemn ceremony in the Capitol Rotunda marked an escalation of support for him from American political leaders. With the United States out of the picture, other nations were deeply divided Thursday on how to salvage a global warming treaty, with Europe resisting attempts led by Japan to introduce new loopholes. Experts in Russia's Rubin central design bureau are examining a fragment of the hull of the sunken submarine Kursk that could throw light on the reason of the world-shocking tragedy.
t5849 The Crimean authorities called for Russian and Cossack help on Sunday in their struggle to win independence from Ukraine and forge closer ties with Russia. A former fashion writer who sexually tortured a co-worker after dressing as a firefighter and bluffing his way into her New York City apartment was sentenced Monday to 20 years to life in prison. Britain's High Commissioner to Australia said Tuesday she was concerned about airlines' treatment of tourists unable to return to Europe due to flight cancellations caused by Iceland's volcano. Christie's is auctioning one of the most extensive collections of murder mysteries in years, the library of a San Antonio obstetrician that includes an original Sherlock Holmes manuscript in Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's handwriting. At least three people died in Kyrgyzstan's capital during the chaotic fall of the ruling regime and the widespread looting that followed, a lawmaker said Friday. There are plenty of office romances in Washington, but only a few make history. Reps. Mary Bono and Connie Mack, who announced their engagement Friday, will become only the third couple to marry as sitting members of Congress. Jimmy Anderson pitched scoreless baseball into the ninth inning for only his second victory since mid-May, and Kevin Young hit a two-run homer to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates past the slumping Kansas City Royals 2-0 Thursday night. A kind of titanium powder, just one-1,000th the width of a human hair, which can make common paint surprisingly durable and resistant to corrosion, was developed by scientists in Harbin, capital of northeast China's Heilongjiang province.
t2522 A French court has given an 11th hour reprieve to a wild boar seized from her adoptive family and taken into care, saying she can go back to them after all. Republican and Democratic senators working to save President Bush's stalled immigration bill are focusing on toughening border security and workplace enforcement to attract more bipartisan support. Six people were injured on Thursday when a car bomb rocked the centre of Kandahar, police said, in the latest blast to hit the volatile southern Afghan city. President Bush, vigorously responding to Israel's expansion of military actions in the West Bank in defiance of his wishes, said Saturday for the first time that Israel must withdraw its forces ``without delay,'' but received no assurances from Prime Minister Ariel Sharon this afternoon when the president called to Six people were wounded, one of them seriously, and two men remained missing after a building collapsed in the old quarter of Bastia early on Saturday, city authorities said. Scores of books on global warming have been published since rising temperatures first made headlines and inspired an increase in climate modeling in the 1980s. Two companies and two individuals have agreed to pay a total fine of $220,000 to settle federal regulators' allegations they fraudulently advertised commodity-trading techniques promising returns of up to 500 percent in direct-mail ads and on the Internet. The Charoen Pokphand Group (CP Group), Thailand's biggest agribusiness conglomerate, plans to expand its business in China through internet, local TV channel reported Wednesday
t3533 The Reserve Bank's international department general manager James Cross said the bank was "very happy with the course of events", and described Stals as a "happy man." Nikolay Davydenko struggled again on grass Thursday, losing to Florian Mayer 6-4, 6-4 in the second round of the Gerry Weber Open. Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg was tipped as a rising star from his first day in parliament, and his resounding victory in Britain's first live pre- election TV debate shows he has finally arrived. In a blow to the Republican leadership, the House defeated legislation Wednesday to ease penalties on taxpayers after critics said the bill included a provision that could open a new avenue for undisclosed contributions to independent political groups. Italy prop Salvatore Perugini and Ireland lock Paul O'Connell have both been cited for foul play following last Saturday's final round of Six Nations Championship matches, officials anounced here Monday. Husky's 5-in-1 Professional Drywall Tool eliminates the task of switching from saw to knife or any other handheld gadget when hanging and trimming drywall. The tool, 6 inches tall and 1 1/4 inches wide, combines a keyhole saw, a utility knife, a pry bar, a rasp and a small A robotic explorer named Genesis is about to embark on an unprecedented journey to gather and bring back bits of the sun. Vietnam's garment and textile industry registered an export turnover of more than 1.5 billion U. S. dollars in the first ten months of this year, equaling 104.4 percent of that of the same period last year.
t3506 Three people were killed and 12 injured on Monday in clashes between police and Shiite Alawites (Alevis) a day after an attack against the community, the Anatolia agency said. NATO ordered its military experts Thursday to draw up plans for a possible short-range missile defense system to protect nations on the alliance's southern flank that would be left exposed by proposed U.S. anti-missile units in central Europe. A long-running inquiry into suspected betting irregularities during a high profile-match has taken a new twist just days before this year's World Championship gets underway. Observations of two stars, one unusually small and the other unusually cold, have led astronomers to think they are seeing evidence of a new form of matter and a new kind of star, one possibly made of elementary particles known as quarks and denser than any cosmic object other Lightning killed six people and seriously injured two others over the weekend in Burundi's northern Ngozi province, local officials said Monday. Two days before he died this year at the age of 101, Gaspar Paino leaned close to his daughter and whispered one final request. The Croatian government's decision to extradite indicted citizens to the U.N. war crimes tribunal has sparked a political crisis and fueled speculation Sunday that the pro-Western Cabinet may collapse after only 18 months in power. The first nationwide debate surrounding topics related to networks will be held soon in Shanghai, a commercial center in China.
t117 The Bundesbank does not welcome big changes in foreign exchange rates, bank president Hans Tietmeyer said Friday shortly after the bank had said that it had participated in concerted European intervention to support the dollar. This seaside city has long been renowned as one of the Mideast's prettiest, with a gorgeous mountain backdrop, a smattering of hilltop castles overlooking a sparkling sea, and a proud leader who tends to the city like Martha Stewart. US Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Sunday that Iran was not yet able to make a nuclear weapon and that its program was progressing slower than Tehran expected. A frenetic final minute was enough to get Paul Pierce to jump up on the scorer's table once the game ended and the Celtics were assured a 102-99 win Wednesday night over the Golden State Warriors. He stood there and exhorted the FleetCenter crowd to give one last cheer, Britain's Princess Diana, who died in a car crash in 1997, met her death in a different vehicle to the one she had intended to use after it failed to start, documents released on Tuesday revealed. Sen. Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign announced Wednesday that it raised around $27 million over the last three months but sought to soften the impact of what it said would likely be a better showing by Sen. Barack Obama. Sophia Witherspoon made a career-high seven 3-pointers and scored a season-high 26 points as the Portland Fire beat the Miami Sol 74-72 in overtime Friday. Chinese commercial banks are seeing a positive change in their loans structure, which will hopefully improve the quality of banking assets in the near future, a senior bank official said here today.
t7676 The remains of former prime minister Agathe Uwilingiyimana and other senior Rwandan politicians assassinated last April will be buried April 7, which has been declared a national day of mourning, Prime Minister Faustin Twagiramungu announced Friday. Druids, drummers, pagans and partygoers gathered at Stonehenge on Thursday to cheer the dawn of the longest day of the year -- the summer solstice. Pope Benedict XVI on Friday accepted the resignation of Belgian Bishop Roger Vangheluwe, who has admitted sexually abusing a boy, the Vatican said in a statement. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it A Brazilian court has ordered the arrest of three men accused of promoting child prostitution among European tourists, the news agency Estado reported, citing police officials. Editors: The following photos and graphics are now available to illustrate the BOMB series by Rick Atkinson (Post). The series continues through Wednesday: BOMB-2 -- BAGHDAD, Iraq -- As Gen. John Abizaid began his second year at U.S. Central Command in July 2004, the simple solutions he had hoped A newly modified British Airways Concorde roared across the Atlantic on Tuesday on the first supersonic test flight since the fleet was grounded last year after a crash near Paris. Militants of Lakshar-e Toiba Friday shot dead five of the six Hindus after abducting them from Kishtwar area of Doda district in Jammu and Kashmir, police said.
t2308 A bible which has sold 18 million copies worldwide faces being banned from sale after a French Catholic bishop who gave it his blessing demanded it be stopped, saying some comments annotating the text were "anti-semitic." Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez returned to Cuba to visit his convalescing friend and ally Fidel Castro, spending six hours with the 80-year-old leader he considers a guiding light for the Latin American left. A priest who pleaded guilty of abusing a girl in Florida in 2007 decided Thursday to abandon duties at his new parish in central Italy, the ANSA news agency reported. Arthur D. Little Inc., the Cambridge, Mass. icon that billed itself as the world's first consulting firm, ended its 116-year history Friday when five different companies bid a combined $96 million for pieces of the business in US Bankruptcy Court in Worcester. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Saturday called on North Korea to return "immediately" to talks on its nuclear ambitions and said Pyongyang's ally China had responsibility for restarting negotiations. Intel Corp. may have to change the way it conducts business globally if European regulators prove allegations that the company abused its position as the world's biggest chipmaker. Ely Callaway, who turned Callaway Golf Co. into the biggest clubmaker in the world with his ``Big Bertha'' drivers and his passion to make golf enjoyable for the masses, died early Thursday of pancreatic cancer. He was 82. The accumulated index of commodity price in south China's Guangdong Province in the first nine months was up by 1.5 percentage points, compared to that in the corresponding period last year, according to figures with the provincial statistics bureau.
t1499 Several outstanding political issues must be resolved before Serbia recognizes the sovereignty of Croatia and Bosnia-Hercegovina, peace mediators David Owen and Thorvald Stoltenberg said here Tuesday. Asian countries that have granted their media more freedom are finding it's hard to put the genie back in the bottle when coverage turns critical, as Pakistan's president discovered when he was forced over the weekend to withdraw new curbs on media after nationwide protests. Poland President Lech Kaczynski and his wife Maria will be buried on Sunday, the presidency announced, after a weekend plane crash in Russia that killed them and 94 other people. The Metropolitan Opera owes Placido Domingo big time. For nearly 35 years he has given more to the Met than to any other company. So when Domingo, who runs the Washington Opera, urged the Met to import his company's 1999 American premiere production of ``Sly,'' a little-known 1927 opera The White House on Thursday welcomed Beijing's release of long-time jailed Uighur dissident Rebiya Kadeer just days before US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was due to arrive in China. Southwest Airlines Co. Tuesday offered buyouts to more than a quarter of its workforce, a move that officials expect will help the carrier remain profitable as it grapples with its two largest costs: labor and fuel. Jennifer Capriati kept her Grand Slam bid alive Tuesday, rallying from the edge of defeat to beat Serena Williams in three sets and reach the semifinals at Wimbledon. Croatian President Stjepar Mesic on Thursday started a two-day visit to Germany in a bid to seek more German investment in the Balkan country.
t5414 Japan's draft proposals to deregulate its markets fall far short of what Washington had been led to expect, notably in the area of auto parts, US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor said Friday. Net foreign buying of Philippine stocks rose 86.2 percent in the first five months of the year compared to the same period a year ago, helping to sustain the market's strong performance, the exchange said Monday. World Cup hosts South Africa on Tuesday confirmed a second friendly during their training camp in Germany as they will take on North Korea on Thursday, April 22. Offensive lineman, defensive lineman, receiver and safety are the bountiful positions in this year's NFL draft, which is thinnest at linebacker and tight end. Taiwan announced Thursday it will partially lift a ban on beef imports from the United States imposed 15 months ago after mad cow disease was reported in the country. German authorities said Wednesday they had disrupted a "massive" bombing plot targeting American interests in Germany, and expressed alarm at evidence the three local suspects had visited militant camps in Pakistan -- the latest example of people traveling from Europe to that country for terrorist training. Russell Crowe and Nicole Kidman are vacationing at the same luxury resort in the South Pacific island nation of Fiji, a tourism official said Thursday. All home team won on Tuesday night as Atlanta Hawks took their first victory of the season after beatinng the Portland Trail Blazers.
t86 Japan's current account surplus narrowed 47 percent from a year earlier to 3.7 billion dollars in January and was down sharply from 12.8 billion dollars in December, the finance ministry said Friday. The number of Indians infected with HIV is far fewer than previously believed, according to new figures that appear to vindicate critics who said earlier U.N. assessments of the situation were vastly overestimated. Manchester United's hopes of retaining the Premier League title suffered a major blow as the champions were held to a 0-0 draw by Blackburn on Sunday. The scene was surreal. Joe O'Donnell, jilted Red Sox suitor, was doing a live television shot against the backdrop of Fenway Park, the place he had ached to call his own. O'Donnell, who made millions in the concessions business, was surrounded by media members and Red Sox officials who The government of Gibraltar reacted with incredulity on Tuesday after Spain's public prosecutor accused it of failing to cooperate in the fight against international money laundering. First lady Laura Bush is visiting four African countries this week, including Zambia, where I worked in HIV/AIDS programs for six years in the 1990s. We can count on the news media to show us Mrs. Bush touring AIDS programs, welcomed by singing children. At least 50,000 people have been driven from their homes in central Nigeria during more than two weeks of ethnic violence, the Nigerian Red Cross said Friday. Kyoei Life Insurance Co., a major Japanese life insurer, filed for court protection on Friday from creditors with total liabilities of 4.53 trillion yen (41.9 billion U.S. dollars).
t1080 A senior US official embarked here Monday on a mission to persuade Croatian authorities to rescind an order for all UN peacekeepers to pull out of the country by the end of June. North Korean leader Kim Jong Il's health is not believed to be as bad as reported, South Korea's main spy agency said Monday, after news reports suggested his health has worsened so much that he should limit his public activity. A Canadian Islamic financial institution is launching Canada's first "halal- approved" credit card this month and will also offer it to US Muslims by year end, its president told AFP on Tuesday. Russian oil companies, overflowing with cash and crude, have begun snapping up ``downstream'' assets like pipelines and refineries outside Russia, mainly in the former Soviet bloc countries of Eastern Europe. Wallaby lock Justin Harrison said Thursday he would stand down from the NSW Waratahs team until a disciplinary hearing investigated a racial comment he admitted making to a South African player in a Super 12 rugby last weekend. Two old steamer trunks sit in the rare-book room at the Virginia Historical Society, looking worn and forlorn. The smaller one was once red but the paint has faded to a dull rust. The larger one is brown with a piece of tin patching a hole. On one side, A federal death row inmate who befriended Timothy McVeigh attempted suicide the night before the Oklahoma City bomber was executed, the inmate's attorney said Monday. Israel decided Wednesday to send its new Foreign Ministry Director-General Alon Liel to Turkey to explains Israel's stands on the ongoing violence with Palestinians, a Foreign Ministry official announced.
t5128 Bank of Japan Governor Yasuo Matsushita said Friday the dollar's recent drop against the yen had "gone too far," but ruled out the possibility of easing credit to support the troubled US currency. Police on Sunday were investigating claims that a Russian journalist working on a sensitive investigative report had been shot and lightly wounded. Japan asked the International Tennis Federation on Monday to postpone their Fed Cup play-off against Slovenia next weekend due to the air traffic crisis caused by Iceland's volcanic eruption. With new statistics on Tuesday providing further evidence that the economy is on the mend and that inflation remains under control, the Federal Reserve now seems likely to hold steady on the interest rates it controls for the next several months, economists said. Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group and UFJ Holdings, two of Japan's big four banking groups, will close or consolidate a total of 132 branches as part of their merger plan, a newspaper report said Thursday. Cols 1-5: Wild art refers to FBC-IDAHO-USC and FBC-UCLA-STANFORD, moving on the LAT-WP sports wire. Col 6: President Bush and the Democratic-led Congress are heading for another collision over the war in Iraq this month, framed by a flurry of conflicting assessments of military and political progress, and culminating The Democratic-led Senate voted Wednesday to bar coal mining and oil and gas drilling on pristine federally protected land in the West, dealing a fresh blow to President Bush's energy production plans. BERLIN, November 14 (Xinhua) -- The following are the main reference exchange rates of the European Central Bank on Tuesday.
t1547 Hilton has taken over the tallest hotel in the Gulf as the international chain presses ahead with plans to boost its presence in the lucrative market, company officials said on Tuesday. North Korea is peeling back its self-imposed veil of isolation, allowing tourists a rare glimpse of the hardscrabble rural life en route to a new hiking trail that opened this month at the South Korean-run Diamond Mountain resort. A church was damaged as two bombs exploded Tuesday in the capital of a southern Philippine island where Al Qaeda-linked militants are known to operate, police said. Two abandoned spacecraft are hidden in California's Mojave Desert, and they're not crashed UFOs. These relics were built by hopeful human engineers. A German court on Thursday threw out a compensation claim from the family of a former minister in Adolf Hitler's Nazi government for an estate seized by Soviet forces following World War II. It's hard to say what is more remarkable -- that the French National Assembly was in session in mid-July at 1:30 on a Tuesday morning or that it approved an $18 billion tax cut plan that drastically reduces taxes on the rich and offers incentives for working more. Turkish stock prices fell Tuesday after the International Monetary Fund delayed discussion of a loan installment, saying Turkey had not made enough progress with an economic recovery plan. China won the right to host the 2004 Asian Cup here Friday following a vote by the Asian Football Confederation executive committee.
t2455 PLO chief Yasser Arafat has sent his apologies and will not attend the UN Summit on Social Development in Denmark, a Palestinian official said Friday. Hamas militants fighting Fatah-linked security officers in northern Gaza gave their opponents a two-day ultimatum to relinquish their arms, according to a statement sent by text message and announcements made on Hamas-linked radio stations Wednesday. European air traffic could be disrupted for two days, depending on how the cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland develops, a spokesman for the intergovernmental Eurocontrol agency said Thursday. HOLLYWOOD, CALIF. - When ``Moulin Rouge'' director Baz Luhrmann embarked on a five-year odyssey of making and promoting his Oscar-nominated musical, the charismatic filmmaker's passion exploded into something of a one-man campaign for the return of this virtually dormant art form. Seventeen miners were confirmed dead and more than 50 were trapped underground after a powerful gas explosion at a coal mine in northern China on Saturday, the State Administration of Work Safety said. Bill Walsh, known in football circles simply as ``The Genius'' for taking his San Francisco 49ers to three NFL championships and designing the ``West Coast offense'' that has attracted countless devotees in both college and professional ranks, has died. He was 75. The Justice Ministry fined General Motors Corp.'s Brazilian affiliate $1.3 million, saying the company took too long to warn consumers about problems with the seat belts in its Corsa and Tigra models. A well-known Chinese scientist said Wednesday that Shanghai should make further efforts to play a role as a scientific research center for oceanic technology in the western Pacific region.
t5501 Three trade union leaders placed under house arrest after their union called for a civil servants' strike that paralysed Zaire have been temporarily freed, authoritative sources said Saturday. President Nicolas Sarkozy looked Monday toward a possible shuffle of the less than 1-month-old government following the defeat of the No. 2 Cabinet official in parliamentary elections that gave Sarkozy a comfortable majority but not the crushing victory predicted in polls. Two Canadian teachers have lost their jobs for performing a raunchy lap dance in front of high school students that became an overnight Internet sensation, education officials said Tuesday. The Rockets let themselves crave one more win. Desperately, hungrily, coach Rudy Tomjanovich had them chase the Portland Trail Blazers all night, risking another night of pain, even one spot in the draft order, to get just one more victory before the season ended. Palestinian MPs urged the Palestinian Authority on Thursday to quell rampant lawlessness in the occupied territories, demanding long-awaited security reforms be implemented as soon as possible. Putin, the first Russian leader to visit Indonesia since former Soviet premier Nikita Krushchev in the 1950s, agreed to provide two Kilo-class submarines, 20 amphibious tanks, and 22 passenger and attack helicopters. A State Department report Thursday said 23 countries are not making significant efforts to combat the growing problem in which an estimated 700,000 persons a year are transported across international borders to work in sweatshops, construction sites, brothels and fields. The government of Hefei, capital city of east China's Anhui Province, has recently decided to set up a high-tech park for investors from China's Taiwan.
t3293 The European Union commissioner for fishing, Emma Bonino, on Sunday demanded that Ottawa release unconditionally a Spanish trawler seized by armed Canadian coastguards. Turkey's foreign minister on Thursday said Baghdad and U.S.-led forces should prevent attacks on Turkey by separatist Kurdish guerrillas based in northern Iraq or cooperate with Turkey to "solve" the problem. Reformist ex-president Mohammad Khatami is not barred from leaving Iran, but has been "advised" by officials to cancel a planned trip to Japan, ILNA news agency quoted his lawyer as saying Friday. Ron Kirk, a former two-term mayor of Dallas, was nominated on Tuesday as the Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate from Texas. Hong Kong's finance chief ruled out Monday a run for the city's leadership in a July by-election, eliminating the only serious contender to caretaker leader Donald Tsang. President Bush Thursday rejected a gasoline tax hike to repair thousands of structurally deficient bridges like the one that collapsed in Minneapolis, pointing the finger instead at Congress for what he called misguided spending policies that have neglected high priorities in favor of pork politics. Hundreds of Germans lined up in Berlin Saturday to write in a condolence book for former Chancellor Helmut Kohl's wife, who killed herself in desperation because of a severe sunlight allergy. The Inaugural Women's World Cup Golf tournament will be held on the outskirts of the Malaysian capital from Nov. 30 to Dec. 3, the event's promoters said Sunday.
t9567 Iraq said Thursday it would provide details of its biological weapons programme by April 10, when the UN Security Council is due to receive a report on Iraqi disarmament. Deposed Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas on Sunday rejected a summit planned for Egypt with Israeli and Arab leaders, saying only "resistance" would produce results for his people. British Open chief are confident Tiger Woods will take part in this year's tournament at St Andrews as he bids to become the first player to win three titles there. Pitchers and hitters always have had hissy fits, and we knew that for good after a 1930s game when Hall of Fame pitcher Burleigh Grimes once tried to hit Hall of Famer Goose Goslin _ while Goslin was kneeling in the on-deck circle. International anti-proliferation experts met Pakistani officials for the first time Monday, amid concern about a nuclear black market run by the disgraced father of the country's atomic bomb. Senate Judiciary Committee members Monday angrily accused the White House of allowing the Senate Intelligence Committee to review documents on its warrantless surveillance program in return for agreeing that telecommunications companies should get immunity from lawsuits. Demonstrators hurled firebombs and stones at massed riot police to disrupt a summit of the world's industrialized nations Friday. Police fired water cannons and tear gas to drive them back, and said one demonstrator was killed. Argentine President Fernando De la Rua arrived in Costa Rica Monday to begin his two-day official visit to the country.
t2276 Rolls Royce plc, Oxford Instruments plc and South Korea on Thursday agreed a joint venture based on technology used in the world's most powerful transportable neutron radiography system for non-destructive testing, it was announced. For death row inmate David Hammer, each bite of the cheesecake was doubly sweet: It was homemade, and the plastic fork was even his favorite color, purple. A UN panel said Thursday it believed that the Pakistani police's failure to effectively probe the 2007 slaying of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto "was deliberate." Former New England Patriots executive Chuck Sullivan was among eight people named Friday in a Securities and Exchange Commission complaint accusing the group of defrauding two high-rolling international investors of $20 million in an investment scam that promised as much as a 5-for-1 return in one month. The mysterious Margianan civilisation which flowered in the desert of what is now Turkmenistan some 4,000 years ago was the cradle of the ancient Persian religion of Zoroastrism, Greco-Russian archeologist Victor Sarigiannidis claimed here Friday. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas ordered an overhaul of his security apparatus Friday after an inquiry panel held 60 officers responsible for its collapse in factional fighting that gave Hamas control of the Gaza Strip. A cargo plane carrying the fuselage and other salvageable parts of a Navy spy plane arrived at Dobbins Air Force Base on Thursday, more than three months after the surveillance plane made an emergency landing on China's Hainan island. The gold price in Hong Kong dropped 8 HK dollars to close at 2,462 HK dollars a tael Tuesday, according to Po Sang Bank, one of the major gold dealers in Hong Kong.
t150 The leaders of the five ex-Soviet central Asian republics met Friday in northern Turkmenistan to discuss bilateral ties and the ecological disaster caused by the steady disappearance of the Aral Sea. Radar at Beijing's airport was affected by interference from radio-controlled cameras in a building 14 kilometers (9 miles) away, potentially putting flights at risk, state media said Saturday. Somali pirates on Sunday captured the Rak Afrikana cargo ship in the Indian Ocean to the west of the Seychelles, the European Union naval force patrolling the area said. Before presenting his first budget proposal on Tuesday, Gov. James McGreevey promised to end the state's bad fiscal habits of excessive borrowing, profligate spending and reliance on one-time measures to increase state revenues. US stocks spun lower Tuesday afternoon as inflation worries and a rise in oil prices overshadowed generally upbeat economic data and a strong quarterly earnings report from Lehman Brothers. A Washington Post article about plans to overhaul the Federal Protective Service incorrectly said the agency was created in 1971 after the slaying of a federal judge. The judge, Harold Haley, actually served on the Superior Court in Marin County, Calif. Defying a veto threat, the Democratic-controlled Senate pushed a sweeping patients' rights bill to the brink of passage Friday, promising millions of Americans new protections as well as the right to sue their HMOs. The Philippine peso ended slightly firmer against the U.S. greenback Friday amid talks of another rate hike by the central bank.
t8699 Sept 7 Hungary 2 (Kiprich 4, Halmai 43) Turkey 2 (Hakan Sukur 66, Bulent Korkmaz 71), Iceland 0 Sweden 1 (Ingesson 37), Oct 12 Switzerland 4 (Ohrel 36, Blomqvist 64og, Sforza 79, Turkyilmaz 81) Sweden 2 (Andersson 6, Dahlin 61), Turkey 5 (Saffet 11, 28, Hakan 30, 61, Sergen Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Friday authorized the government to review all private organizations, a step that might enable him to shut down dozens of Hamas-allied groups in the West Bank. The world's forest cover shrunk by 3.1 percent between 2000 and 2005, according to satellite observations detailed in a study out Monday. Before Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor rode the judicial bench, she rode the range on her family's Arizona ranch. A crisis within Kuwait's Al-Sabah ruling family is the root cause of the Gulf Arab state's political impasse, a leading newspaper said Saturday amid reports that parliament could be dissolved. When Mark Elengold retired as a top government drug regulator in 2005, he received $18,733 in his final paycheck, on top of his normal salary. The money was not a bonus, overtime pay or compensation for unused vacation hours. Rather, it was for time he had reserved to go Prosecutors charged a U.S. Air Force sergeant on Thursday with raping a Japanese woman last month on Okinawa, Kyodo News service reported. The Kenyan government Thursday proposed in a draft bill the appointment of a commissioner with responsibility to regulate the country's petroleum supplies.
t1580 The dollar tumbled to record lows against the yen and German mark Tuesday as currency markets were roiled by the Mexican economic crisis and investors shunned the greenback as a "safe haven" currency. Hundreds of a Hmong leader's supporters demonstrated outside a federal courthouse as a magistrate refused to release him on bail while he awaits trial on charges of trying to overthrow the communist government of Laos. The Asian Development Bank (ADB) said Tuesday Asia's developing economies this year would grow 7.5 percent, with the region on track for a "robust recovery." These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Thursday, April 4, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. US lawmakers threatened to impose stricter anti-doping measures and revoke Major League Baseball's anti-trust exemption unless the sport's leaders take tougher measures to combat steroids. It was an ill-advised journey to a moribund city, the place of my birth and upbringing. Family and friends, all living elsewhere, begged me not to come here. My wife, Mary Anne, feared that I would become depressed. My doctors worried that the city lacked the medical prowess to An Iraqi diplomat serving in the country's mission to the United Nations has requested asylum in the United States for himself and his family, diplomatic sources confirmed Tuesday. The eleventh China Orchid Exposition will be held in Guiyang, capital of southwest China Guizhou Province, from February 16-20 next year.
t3828 Some 26 people died and 20 others were seriously injured after a passenger bus collided with a truck and plunged into a ravine in southern China, a report said Tuesday. Ruth Graham, who surrendered dreams of missionary work in Tibet to marry a suitor who became the world's most renowned evangelist, had died in North Carolina. She was 87. Britain has extended a ban on most flights in its airspace until at least 7:00 am (0600 GMT) on Sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, air authorities announced. A persistent Da Newz reader by the name of Everett Fowler has given me a short list of Christian hip-hop artists who either have albums out now or will have in the next few weeks: China's booming economic miracle is expanding at a highly unsustainable rate, creating tremendous pressures on resources while bankrupting the environment, a leading environmentalist warned Tuesday. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with CollegeHumor.com editor Streeter Seidell, who took questions about what to expect when embarking to campus for the first time this fall. Rescuers pulled people from roofs and rushing water as flash floods struck southern and central West Virginia communities still trying to recover from an earlier round of high water. Chilean telecommunication company Smartcom PCS launched the first Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) mobile phone service in Chile last week, the local economic newspaper El Diario said on Monday.
t9801 Liverpool have won the competition four times since its introduction in 1961 -- a record they hold jointly with Aston Villa, the inaugural winners. North Korea said it would start implementing a February disarmament accord that calls for shutting down its nuclear reactor after announcing that a banking dispute with the United States has been resolved. Tiger Woods answered questions for 16 minutes on Wednesday but offered few new revelations of his private troubles other than that the paparazzi are still camped outside his gated community in Florida. After a sharp decline in executions last year, Texas appears likely to become the nation's death penalty capital again. This month alone, seven of its prisoners are to be put to death, a number that would have been eight except that the United States Supreme Court granted one a Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva arrived in the Nigerian capital Abuja on Monday for a two-day official visit during which he would hold talks with President Olusegun Obasanjo, officials said. the Legionaries of Christ -- and whose work was credited with halting the leader's priestly career, died Wednesday at Norwalk Hospital in Connecticut. He had abdominal cancer. The Bush administration will maintain a diverse AIDS panel from the Clinton era, Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson said Friday. China's largest industrial and commercial center of Shanghai has finished setting up an interactive wide-band cable TV network for one million users, the largest city cable network in the world, according to the Shanghai information office.
t3255 A powerful storm system in California was losing steam Sunday but swollen rivers were still rising, forcing residents to evacuate as the toll climbed to at least eight dead. South Korea's recent decision to resume food aid to North Korea is based on humanitarian concerns and should not be linked to the standoff over the communist nation's nuclear programs, a top official said Thursday. Rafael Nadal survived a brief rain break before resuming his storied clay-court dominance with a 6-4, 6-2 quarter-final defeat of fellow Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero at the Monte Carlo Masters on Friday. In the most recent sign that recovery in the telecommunications industry is still some time off, Nortel Networks Corp. said Tuesday that its first-quarter sales had fallen short of forecasts. Soldiers are to evacuate and destroy a camp in the Gaza Strip housing Palestinian collaborators and offer its residents new lives in Israel when the army pulls out of the territory, a top official said Monday. Jurors in the Phil Spector murder trial toured the music producer's Alhambra home Thursday morning, with some jury members trying to re-create the position in which actress Lana Clarkson was found after Spector allegedly killed her four years ago. North Korea lashed out at two U.S. congressmen who invited a prominent defector to testify on Capitol Hill, saying Saturday that it would jeopardize plans to revive a dialogue with the United States. The more than 10-hour bus- hijacking incident in Greece ended peacefully Saturday night as all of the 33 elderly Japanese tourists held by a Greek gunman aboard a bus were released unharmed.
t1123 Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa on Monday criticized a proposal from Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin to test Syria's desire for peace. Gunmen opened fire Monday at the Palestinian Cabinet building while the government was meeting inside, officials said. There were no reports of injuries. The finance chief for the 16 euro countries, Luxembourg premier Jean-Claude Juncker, told AFP on Tuesday he was "reassured" by market reaction to a 30 -billion-euro backstop Greek bailout. Saying she was tired of being thwarted in attempts to resign, Beverly Sills, the chairman of Lincoln Center since 1994, set it in stone on Monday, telling board members she intended to step down on May 1, when the center's new president, Reynold Levy, takes over. Cricket authorities were left in an awkward dilemma Thursday after India said Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf would watch a one-day cricket match in New Delhi next month. Leading Shiite politicians pleaded with the United States on Thursday to stop imposing deadlines for reforms meant to stabilize Iraq and vented frustration that their country's future was becoming a hostage of internal U.S. politics. President Bush says he's got something in common with Jersey City Mayor Bret Schundler, the underdog who won New Jersey's Republican gubernatorial primary. Chinese Vice-President Hu Jintao, in a meeting today with Azerbaijan Foreign Minister Vilayat Guliyev, said that China is willing to work with Azerbaijan to boost bilateral relations on the basis of the Five- Principles of Peaceful Co-existence.
t493 The Polish parliament on Saturday approved the leftist cabinet of prime minister-designate Josef Oleksy with the tacit support of President Lech Walesa, after the ministers overnight gained the support of key parliamentary commissions. China is considering halting efforts to make oil from coal due to concerns about the expense and energy demands, a state news agency on Sunday quoted an official as saying. Emirates Team New Zealand will take part in the Volvo Ocean Race with a yacht sponsored by Spanish footwear group Camper, the organisers said Monday. ``Very Annie Mary'' is yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by ``The Full Monty'' and is still straining to produce another smash hit. Alternately mushy and farcical, the genre trumpets the reassuring notion that traditional British reserve really conceals a lust to be Syria's much-feared military intelligence apparatus packed up and pulled out of Beirut on Wednesday, prompting a joyful demonstration by Lebanese youths. The two home-based laser acne devices on the market -- ThermaClear and Zeno -- are not meant to help prevent acne or improve chronic acne, but simply to treat existing blemishes. Both are based on laser technology used by dermatologists and use controlled bursts of heat. For six hours, Rame Shabani lay motionless, his face pressed to the dirt, while Serb police and army units shot and mutilated 25 men on a hillside above the Albanian village of Racak. He escaped by throwing himself into a ravine when they opened fire. A puppet museum has opened in Quanzhou city in east China's Fujian province, where local puppet performances date back to over 800 years.
t4896 Italy's lower house of parliament Thursday narrowly approved the government's deficit-cutting mini-budget after voting confidence in Prime Minister Lamberto Dini, averting early elections. Embattled Mahmoud Abbas got a major boost in his increasingly bellicose showdown with Hamas on Saturday, with a U.S. diplomat saying he expects a crippling 15-month-old foreign aid embargo to be lifted once the Palestinian president appoints an emergency government without the Islamic militants. Liverpool's Spanish striker Fernando Torres is confident that he will recover from knee surgery in time for the World Cup in South Africa. David and Stacie McDavid landed by helicopter on a bright green field at a state-of-the-art ranch near Weatherford last weekend, eager to watch their prize cutting horse smoothly sway in the practice arena before competing in the NCHA Super Stakes. A Chinese student behind the 1989 Tiananmen Square pro-democracy demonstration, which ended in a bloody massacre by troops, appealed to European leaders Wednesday not to lift an arms embargo on Beijing. President Bush marked the second anniversary of Hurricane Katrina by trying to reassure the people of the Gulf Coast that they were not forgotten, declaring that "the town is coming back" in an at an appearance Wednesday in the devastated Lower Ninth Ward. The hardware store variety ``for sale'' sign hangs on the tall building like a speck on a wall. It's not an official realty sign and customers hope that means Maxi Irish isn't serious about selling out and shutting down. APEC foreign and trade ministers Monday called for the establishment of a taskforce in the WTO to investigate how trade rules may affect electronic commerce.
t5986 The Singapore International Monetary Exchange (SIMEX) has appointed experts from the global futures industry to an advisory panel to protect the exchange against a Barings-like crisis, officials said Monday. Iran's U.N. ambassador complained in a letter circulated Monday that the Security Council has done nothing to stop Israel's "unlawful and dangerous threats" against his country. Yang Yong-Eun's latest European Tour triumph has put an extra spring in his step as he prepares to play in his home town Ballantines Championship this week. The confines of my cubicle were getting to me. I needed to get out of the office, out of town and onto a beach. I wanted to go somewhere that was laid back yet close enough to civilization to keep my non-roughing-it wife happy. Islamorada in the Florida Keys Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard on Friday welcomed the four-week break granted to the England squad ahead of the 2006 World Cup. The National Park Service was trying to determine whether an oily substance found late last week on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial was the result of vandalism or an accident. Lawmakers heard pleas to leave politics out of redistricting as they redraw Florida's political boundaries, but an intense partisan battle already appears to be taking shape. Cheng Chuanlie, vice executive manager of TCL, a leading electric appliances company, said that the western entrepreneurs suggested a vigorous force of innovation, which is expected to give an extra boost to Guangdong's economy.
t192 A man convicted of stealing a slice of pizza from a group of children last year has been sentenced to 25 years to life in prison. A parked car struck a convoy of Iraqi police commandos and gunmen opened fire on police on a foot patrol in a mostly Shiite neighborhood in Baghdad on Saturday, police said, a day after gunmen stormed a senior Iraqi police officer's home northeast of the capital. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir voted on Sunday in the country's first competitive elections in 24 years, an AFP correspondent said. At the dawn of television, everything was up for grabs. Comedy, drama, news, advertising _ what the medium was going to be was anybody's guess, and everything was there for the taking. Australian two-time Grand Slam winner Lleyton Hewitt covered the court effectively and as he overpowered Michael Llodra 6-2, 7-6 in the third round of the Indian Wells WTA and ATP Masters Series event. Abused children throughout California and the nation who are undocumented but entitled to green cards are frequently not receiving them -- putting them at risk of deportation and drastically limiting their educational and work opportunities. Mayor Richard Daley announced an ambitious expansion plan for O'Hare International Airport on Friday that would add one runway and rebuild three others in an effort to ease the air traffic jam plaguing the key facility Wales expects investment from Chinese enterprises, according to David Rowebeddoe, chairman of Welsh Development Agency who attended a forum in Beijing.
t1877 The British government Wednesday lifted banning orders on 16 people from Northern Ireland who had been forbidden to come to mainland Britain, in the light of the ceasefire in the province. World energy consumption rose 2.4 percent last year, slowing from a rise of 3.2 percent in 2005, while China's energy use soared 8.4 percent, BP PLC said Tuesday in its annual survey of global trends. The Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke on Wednesday told US lawmakers they faced "difficult choices" in cutting the country's deficit and that action cannot be delayed. Q. I found an old piece of marble in my basement; it is 20 inches by 40 inches and 3/4-inch thick. It looks good, and I thought I might make a coffee table out of it. How can I build a base for the top? PETER RIVOIRA, Needham A five-year-old boy in central Vietnam has tested positive for bird flu, which has already killed 34 people in the country, health authorities said Friday. The Tour de France hasn't arrived yet, but the bicycles have. Paris is awash in two-wheelers, thousands of taupe bicycles that are part of a plan by City Hall to get people out of their cars and onto more eco-friendly transportation. BATTING_RAlomar, Cleveland, .365; Suzuki, Seattle, .352; MJSweeney, Kansas City, .342; JGonzalez, Cleveland, .342; MRamirez, Boston, .333; JaGiambi, Oakland, .332; BBoone, Seattle, .328. South China Sea Petrochem, China's largest foreign cooperation project with petrochemical giant Shell, costing 4.05 billion U.S. dollars, today signed a memorandum of understanding with Huizhou City in south China's Guangdong Province where the company will be located.
t7713 Automatic weapons fire and explosions rocked Burundi's capital Friday afternoon, spreading panic among residents of the powderkeg city where the army appeared to be battling Hutu militias. Malaysia's government established a 24-hour telephone hot line on Thursday that foreign housemaids can call for help if their bosses abuse them. From a Socialist election victory in October to a bailout offer from the eurozone, Greece is now about to appeal for a debt rescue from the European Union and International Monetary Fund, a governmnent source tells AFP&gt; Frank Batten remembers the day he called a press conference to tell the world about his ``exciting new concept'' for a TV network. The first bus service to link divided Kashmir in almost 60 years, a powerful symbol of the ongoing peace process between India and Pakistan, was set to roll Thursday under tight security after an attack by Islamic militants on a complex housing passengers. New Jersey officials asked a federal judge Monday to block new Bush administration rules that would make it harder for states to enroll middle-income kids in a popular government-subsidized health insurance program for children. Two Israeli helicopters fired missiles at a Palestinian farm Tuesday, killing four people, including two senior Hamas activists, the latest in a steady stream of violence that has crumbled a U.S.-sponsored cease-fire. Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji and Vietnamese Prime Minister Phan Van Khai, during their meeting here Saturday, agreed that the negotiations on the demarcation of the Beibu Gulf between China and Vietnam should be accelerated and completed within this year.
t382 Blue-chip stocks charted slight reaction to the dollar's fall against the yen this week, with market losses instead being attributed to a weakness in cyclical shares. Russia's most vocal opposition movement, headed by former chess champion Garry Kasparov, held a march and rally in a major city without police violence or interference for the first time Saturday. Pakistan's prime minister on Monday defended his country as a responsible nuclear power, shooting down concerns at a major security summit that extremists could seize loose weapons. Alltrista Corp., which dominates the home-canning business with its Ball brand jars, plans to spend at least $160 million to acquire Tilia International Inc., the San Francisco manufacturer of the FoodSaver line of vacuum-sealed containers. Hong Kong gold prices closed higher Wednesday at 441.30-441.80 US dollars an ounce, compared to Tuesday's close of 440.10-440.60 dollars. Russian President Vladimir Putin offered an expanded counterproposal to U.S. missile defense plans on Monday, challenging President Bush to build a regional European missile shield that could include a sophisticated new radar facility on Russian soil. The Pentagon's chief investigator confirmed an allegation that the commander of the Marine Corps' V-22 Osprey squadron falsified maintenance documents to exaggerate the aircraft's performance record. Yugoslav President Vojislav Kostunica said Friday that he had always urged due respect for the original text of the Dayton accords.
t6718 But first, Tyson will be a spectator. He plans to attend the World Boxing Council and World Boxing Association title fights in Las Vegas next month, as well as Foreman's bout with German Axel Schulz. Like a director at auditions or a puppet master viewing his toys, Tyson will Bolivian President Evo Morales will travel next week to Zurich to meet with FIFA president Joseph Blatter, seeking to convince the head of soccer's international governing body to rescind a ban on matches played at high altitude. Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Thursday condemned "satanic pressures" on Zimbabwe and his own country which he said were fighting to maintain their sovereignty, during a visit to Harare. The California Supreme Court ruled Monday that Los Angeles County officials can ban the sale of guns and ammunition at the Fairplex in Pomona and other property owned by county government. An earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter Scale struck beneath waters off Indonesia's eastern Maluku island chain early Sunday, but there were no casualties or damage, meteorology officials said. The Fed decision Tuesday to trim rates a half-percentage point may raise false hope among some people for a half-point cut in mortgage rates, said Richard Biondi, owner of RJB Financial Consultant, a Farmingdale, N.Y., mortgage brokerage. But that's not how mortgages work. One person was reported dead and another missing after a ship loaded with 2,800 tons of explosives caught fire Saturday at an Army terminal on the Cape Fear River. In response to Egypt's recall of its ambassador to Israel, Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben- Ami said Tuesday that Israel had no plan to recall its ambassador from Cairo.
t2133 A special UN team arrived here Thursday in a bid to negotiate the release of several journalists and humanitarian workers detained by separatist Serb forces. The low interest rate environment that made stock investors so giddy in recent years is getting turned on its head, but that does not mean that share prices necessarily are doomed. Iran has publicly hanged a man and amputated the limbs of another for armed robbery in the southern town of Mahshahr, the government newspaper Iran reported on Wednesday. Like everyone else in Argentina, the managers of its corporations are anxiously awaiting the decisions of an IMF team that arrived in Buenos Aires this week. Eritrea's sole political party, the People's Front for Democracy and Justice (PFDJ), plans to open some 50 food shops in and around Asmara to improve the distribution of staples, officials said Friday. To Italophiles, the duke of Urbino-style hat that food writer Faith Heller Willinger wears seems fitting. She is confident culinary nobility, this American expat who has spent more than three decades discovering and promoting the food and wine of her adopted country. And to those who sigh at the British intelligence reports released Thursday recounted details of a thwarted Nazi plan to attack the Jewish community in Palestine toward the end of World War II. Ningbo, a major port city in east China's Zhejiang Province, has witnessed rapid growth in foreign investment during the first three quarters of the year.
t1701 Britain's industrial output fell by 0.5 percent in January from December while manufacturing production fell by 0.6 percent in the same period, official, seasonally-adjusted figures showed on Wednesday. China underscored its opposition Tuesday to Australian leaders allowing a visit by the Dalai Lama, saying the exiled spiritual leader is a "political exile" promoting Tibetan independence. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir's party reached out to the opposition on Wednesday in a bid to save the credibility of a landmark vote boycotted by its key challengers. Atlanta philanthropist Bernard Marcus is trumping the federal budget process, pledging $3.9 million so the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention can buy equipment to handle bioterror emergencies. The US State Department on Thursday said it would neither forget nor stop talking about Cuba's human rights "champions," as it urged Fidel Castro's regime to free political prisoners two years after a crackdown against dissidents. Brightness has never seemed as menacing as it does in ``Sunshine,'' the nail-bitingly tense science-fiction thriller that emphasizes both the fearsome power of our friend the sun and how bereft we earthlings would be without its warming rays. First-round draft pick John VanBenschoten signed with the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday for a $2.4 million bonus _ the biggest in team history. German Secretary of State Wolfgang Ischinger met Iraqi Deputy Foreign Minister Nizar Hamdoon here Thursday, the first Iraqi ranking official to visit Germany after the Gulf War.
t5012 Russian premier Viktor Chernomyrdin's planned visit to Bulgaria next week has been postponed for "internal political reasons" in Russia, Bulgaria's ambassador to Russia, Alexander Avdeyev, said Thursday. A bomb ripped through a police bus in a crowded civilian area in Kabul on Sunday, leaving several people dead, an official and witnesses said. A Syrian security court has jailed four Kurdish opposition activists for five years each for belonging to a banned political party, a rights group said on Monday. A stiff wind blew Carine Roitfeld right through the doorway, pardon the cliche, the restaurant being the Voltaire, the unseasonal gusts whipping right off the nearby Seine. For an instant, Roitfeld stood in the foyer of Le Voltaire _ a favorite eating place for French society types, celebrities and Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone and three banks have agreed an out-of-court settlement in the latest round of the battle for control of Formula One. Recent weeks have brought a lot of misplaced criticism of the United Kingdom's role in southern Iraq. It is time to set the record straight. Driven by gusty wind, a blaze believed started by an unattended campfire exploded out of control and overran firefighters, killing four of them in the nation's deadliest wildfire since 1994. The following are latest figures about China's foreign trade with countries and regions in the six continents around the world from January to September 2000, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t3806 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher briefed Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin here on Tuesday on his talks in Syria which he described as positive. The U.S. Attorney's Office in New Jersey is ending a two-year-old deferred prosecution agreement, a type of probation, with drug maker Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. that stemmed from a long-running accounting scandal. Missing out on riding a major bike race with 257.3 kilometres and 31 climbs on the menu would probably be welcomed by most people. U.S. Magistrate Jane Boyle of Dallas is set to become the first woman to head the U.S. Attorney's Office for North Texas after the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday unanimously voted to send her nomination to the full Senate. Australian share prices closed 0.76 percent lower Tuesday as weakness on Wall Street and profit-taking in the resources sector weighed on the market, dealers said. ``Death at a Funeral'' shows us how funny farce can be -- even with the hokiest of premises -- in the hands of the British. Patrick Rafter and Goran Ivanisevic have split the first two sets of the Wimbledon men's final on Monday. Rafter won the second set 6-3 after Ivanisevic won the first set 6-3. The Sri Lankan government is to introduce policy initiatives towards stronger economic growth and strengthening confidence among investors both at home and abroad, an official of the Central Bank said Tuesday.
t9598 The Israeli army announced Thursday that the number of trucks allowed into the country from the Gaza Strip would be raised forthwith from 25 to a maximum 60 a day. Tyson Gay again overcame adverse weather and ran the second-fastest 200 meters ever in 19.62 seconds, breaking Michael Johnson's meet record at the U.S. athletics championships on Sunday. Singapore threw open the doors of its second casino Tuesday, giving a fresh boost to the city's tourism sector and raising its profile as a playground for the world's high-rollers. Barbara Anne Castle, a onetime Labor cabinet minister and determined socialist whose radical, ill-timed attempt to tame Britain's mighty trade unions doomed her political career, died Friday. She was 91. Oil-rich Venezuela said Monday it will use excess financial reserves to pay down debt and boost social spending -- the key to reducing poverty and boosting the country's economy. Question: I have a hybrid tomato plant that I planted in May. The plant is nearly 6 feet tall and loaded with flowers -- but no tomatoes. Why did this happen? What can I do to prevent this in the future? Leaders of the world's largest industrial countries agreed Friday to create a new global fund to combat AIDS and said the right policies are in place to avert a worldwide recession. The Czech government has decided to recall its ambassador to Bulgaria Ondrej Havlin for his controversial remarks insulting Bulgaria, local radio reported Tuesday.
t5424 Ukrainian troops late Friday surrounded the Crimean parliament in Simferopol and disarmed guard units assigned to Crimean President Yuri Meshkov after his post had been abolished by Ukrainian MPs, a presidential spokesman reported. As many as 36 people were killed in a fierce battle early Monday between Shiite militiamen and British forces doing house-to-house searches south of Baghdad, Iraqi police and hospital officials said. Paraguay will take on North Korea, the Republic of Ireland, Ivory Coast and Greece in World Cup warm-ups ahead of the finals starting June 11 in South Africa, the team revealed on Tuesday. It is a testament to the influence of Cardinal Bernard F. Law, the archbishop of Boston, that five of the men who worked as his trusted lieutenants have been appointed to lead dioceses around the country. The death toll from an outbreak in northern Angola of the Marburg virus, an Ebola-like bug, has risen to 98 following the death of two nurses, health officials said on Thursday. Herndon, Va., announced Wednesday that it would close its 21-month-old day-laborer center next week instead of complying with a judge's ruling that the site must be open to all residents, including those who might be illegal immigrants. NEW YORK (AP)_ Stock prices were higher in early Wall Street trading. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 72 points. On the New York Stock Exchange, advancers held a nine-to-five advantage over decliners. Ebrahim Nabavi, a prominent pro- reform journalist, stood trial at Tehran press court on Wednesday for a series of charges, the Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA) reported.
t9377 Nigeria's military are taking their time in the inquiry into a coup attempt, but if charges are finally lodged the trial would be "quite easy", the defence ministry said here Wednesday. A U.S. soldier in the Multinational Division-Baghdad was killed Saturday when his patrol was attacked with small-arms fire in the southern section of the capital, the U.S. military reported Sunday. No other soldiers were reported wounded in the attack. With Greece on its knees, fears rose on Tuesday of investor attacks on other weak euro nations, driving forward a Brussels push to accelerate economic reform and tighten budget controls. If prosecutors' evidence against the Rev. Paul Shanley comes largely from the account of a man who says he blocked out the alleged abuse for years, their case could hinge on the legally problematic issue of whether ``recovered'' memories can be admitted as evidence at trial. A Chinese member of the Falungong spiritual group has been granted official protection in the Northern Marianas after claiming she feared for her life if sent back to China, officials said Monday. Wolfowitz's tenure ended in a forced resignation in May over allegations that he arranged a sweetheart salary for his sweetheart, a World Bank employee. Zoellick -- a former diplomat, U.S. Trade Representative and Goldman Sachs executive -- was sent in by President Bush to repair the damage. With the United States' pledging not to sabotage their efforts, high-level delegates from 178 nations worked to salvage a treaty to combat global warming. The FTSE 100 index in London closed down 11.7 points, or 0.19 percent, at 6158.7. Leading information technology firm Sema topping the list of losers, down 9.7 percent.
t8922 Bank of Tokyo Ltd. and Mitsubishi Bank Ltd. announced Tuesday they were planning to merge, creating a financial giant that will command deposits of more than half a trillion dollars, the largest ever held by a commercial bank. A South Carolina man who killed an armored car guard 10 years ago was executed Friday night by lethal injection. Europe split down the middle on Monday as Germany railed against "taking the pressure off" Greece by providing early emergency loans while Italy lashed Berlin for "intransigence." They come to coastal North Carolina from far-away warmer climates, and despite their beauty, they can be a real pain. A former aide of Mexican President Vicente Fox detained two months ago on charges he revealed Fox's schedule to a drug cartel leader was released Saturday, a judicial spokesman said. A very odd notion is circulating these days that the No Child Left Behind law has forced schools to become boring, dull places where children do endless worksheets and are discouraged from thinking for themselves. This argument holds that under "No Child," students are forced to simply regurgitate what Positive news about the economy and an upbeat earnings forecast from Dell Computer pulled stocks sharply higher Thursday as Wall Street felt more encouraged about the possibility of a business turnaround by year end. China will reform intermediary agencies engaged in helping people leave China in a bid to deal with the current chaos in the sector, Saturday's China Daily reported.
t442 Speaking at a news conference convened by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the officials said that local Baring managers warned London that too much power was vested in 28-year-old Leeson as far back as March 1992. Forty years after it defeated three Arab armies in six days, Israel's army is still trying to figure out how a war with a small guerrilla group in Lebanon last summer dragged on for five weeks and ended in a painful stalemate. US Vice President Joe Biden hosted a dozen dignitaries from developing nations Tuesday to discuss the Non-Aligned Movement's goals and the US commitment to a world without nuclear weapons. The Sunday night before Bob McNair learned he was a virtual lock to win out in his battle with Los Angeles' feuding interests for the right to own the NFL's 32nd franchise, the NFL's 31st franchise played its first game. Indonesian share prices closed 1.72 percent higher Wednesday led by Sampoerna on extended buying following Philip Morris' plans to acquire the cigarette company, with the composite index reaching another record close, dealers said. I, for one, am mighty relieved to find out that humor genes did not completely bypass the Al Gore family. Recessive though they may be, they shine forth in the DNA of the Gores' middle daughter, Kristin, who made her funny bones as an editor of the Harvard Lampoon Vice President Dick Cheney had a special pacemaker implanted in his chest Saturday to control a potentially dangerous heart rhythm. President Bush said, ``I'm told the operation went well.'' The western part of China should greatly expand private businesses to push forward the reform of administrative functions of the government, a senior official in charge of economic reform said here today.
t5900 Cuban filmmakers, who have lost most state support with the collapse of the Caribbean country's economy, have struck a deal with Spain to finance 12 films in the next four years. Investigators said Monday it will take time to figure out exactly why a drag-racing car lost control, spinning into a crowd of spectators in Tennessee and killing six people. Europe's main stock markets climbed at the start of trading on Tuesday, with London's benchmark FTSE 100 index of top shares up 0.42 percent at 5,752.08 points. My kitchen is not exactly powered by flowerpots, but I could make a strong case for their essential culinary life. The US ambassador to Israel denied Friday that Washington had promised Israel it could keep large Jewish settlements blocs in West Bank in any a final status agreement, a newspaper reported. Russian authorities have refused to renew the visa of an American labor activist working with a dockworkers union in Kaliningrad, the latest in a series of visa denials targeting Western trade unionists, business people, journalists and lawyers whose activities attracted the suspicion of state officials. The Pittsburgh Pirates are expected to end their monthlong search for a general manager Friday by hiring Florida Marlins assistant general manager Dave Littlefield. The Angolan government attaches "special importance" to its ties with South Africa, said Angolan Foreign Minister Joao Miranda to his South African counterpart Dlamini Nkosazana Zuma here on Friday.
t3078 India's ruling Congress (I) party on Sunday saw its power-base crumble in two key states in crucial legislative elections which have left premier P.V. Narasimha Rao fighting for his political survival. The American Civil Liberties Union sued federal authorities, demanding improvements to what it claims is grossly inadequate medical care at a large detention facility for immigrants facing deportation. Google on Friday said it has enhanced its search engine to make it easier for people to find what they seek online despite spelling slips. ``I would like to find a recipe for tomato Florentine soup _ the kind that is made in the Northeast United States. I don't mean the basil type or the creamy type that is popular here. The kind I want is `clear.' '' _ Betty Kay Taylor, Aledo Two years after the US-led invasion of Iraq shattered pretence of global agreement on terrorism and security, UN leader Kofi Annan on Sunday asked nations to re-think the rules of going to war. Federal Reserve officials Tuesday noted the recent turmoil in financial markets, but held short-term interest rates steady and said they expect the economy to keep growing moderately in coming months. The day before she was last seen, Chandra Levy called her aunt and left a message saying she had ``some big news'' to share. Indonesian President Abdurrahman Wahid said he will visit Australia late this month after the planned trip was delayed for several times because of criticism by political opponents.
t1116 A biennial architectural fest that was to be held this summer in Venice along with festivals of music, theatre and plastic arts will probably be postponed because of disagreement with its organizer, festival officials said Monday. A look at the world's top 10 military spenders in 2006, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. The list shows the amount each country spent on weapons in 2005 dollars, and the share of world arms expenditures. Germany was hopeful Tuesday China will support new sanctions on Iran over a disputed nuclear program as the United States reportedly pledged to help Beijing secure oil supplies if Tehran retaliated. The Bush administration's new anti-drug advertising campaign seeks to strike a chord with young people by linking drug use to supporting terrorism. Parliamentary speaker Wang Jin-pyng announced Thursday his candidacy for the leadership of the opposition Kuomintang (KMT) party against political heavyweight Taipei Mayor Ma Ying-jeou. A senior State Department official defended efforts by Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf to undermine al-Qaida's presence in the country's northwest tribal regions, a day after senior U.S. intelligence officials depicted the terrorist group as operating from a ``safe haven'' in the region. An already unstable Mideast truce teetered near collapse Monday after an Israeli was shot dead at point-blank range and a pair of simultaneous car bombs rattled the working class Israeli town of Yehud. The Bosnian Soccer Federation has suspended five Bosnians who play for foreign clubs because they were out partying the night before their match with Israel, a local newspaper reported Wednesday.
t995 The scheduled conclusion late Monday of a customs accord between Turkey and the European Union (EU) will lend a long-desired stability to Ankara's tenuous commercial and political foothold in the West. Elections for Egypt's upper chamber of parliament turned violent Monday as one man was killed in clashes between ruling party supporters and independents outside a polling station in the northern Nile Delta region, police said. Inter Milan kept their treble hopes alive with a 1-0 victory away to Fiorentina in the Italian Cup semi-final, second leg on Tuesday to reach May's final 2-0 on aggregate. Your lawn mower might not be your favorite tool, but it pays to treat it well. So before we're knee-deep in grass-cutting season, a mower tune-up is in order. Top Pentagon official Paul Wolfowitz, picked Wednesday to head the World Bank, was praised for his experience in international affairs and slammed for his role in Washington's Iraq strategy. Exerpts from a recent Washington Post online chat with Nina Willdorf, a senior editor at Travel + Leisure magazine, on the perfect honeymoon. Willdorf is the author of ``Wedding Chic: The Savvy Bride's Guide to Getting More While Spending Less'' and ``City Chic: The Urban Girl's Guide to Livin' As employees cheered, Comair returned to the sky Monday with his first flight since a pilots' strike shut the regional airline down for three months. The Angolan government will take efforts to reinforce its cooperation with the Nordic countries, said Angola's Foreign Minister Joao Miranda here on Tuesday before leaving for his four-Nordic nation tour.
t9440 Israeli soldiers on Wednesday shot dead a Palestinian who wielded a weapon as he emerged from a truck that had crashed into an Israeli police jeep, killing two border policemen, but the gun turned out to be made of plastic, the army said. Two decades after Iraq's military laid waste to Kurdish villages, the Iraqi High Tribunal on Sunday sentenced Ali Hassan al-Majid, known as "Chemical Ali," and two others to death for their roles in the bloody campaign against the restive ethnic minority. Adelaide United earned crucial home advantage for the knockout round of the AFC Champions League on Tuesday despite losing their final group match to China's Shandong Luneng 1-0. He was the ``true patriot, a trusted friend'' chosen by President Bush nine days after Sept. 11 to create a grand strategy for deterring future terrorist attacks. Taiwan share prices closed 0.74 percent lower in quiet trade Monday after losses on Wall Street's Friday and as investors fretted over escalating tensions with rival China, dealers said. In 1988, the people of Burma launched a nonviolent struggle for democracy and were met with gunfire. I was working for Sen. Pat Moynihan, about the only prominent American to notice then what was happening in that isolated country. One day, after the Senate passed its first-ever resolution on BATTING_Alou, Houston, .365; Berkman, Houston, .359; Floyd, Florida, .352; LGonzalez, Arizona, .346; Aurilia, San Francisco, .344; Vidro, Montreal, .338; VGuerrero, Montreal, .337. BERLIN, December 5 (Xinhua) -- The following are the main reference exchange rates of the European Central Bank On Tuesday.
t888 Hong Kong stock prices fell 1.11 percent Monday in lacklustre trading with the key benchmark Hang Seng Index losing 91.24 points to close at 8,093.91. "Spring Awakening," a pounding post-rock musical of teenage sexual anxiety, and Tom Stoppard's "The Coast of Utopia," a sprawling tale of 19th century Russian intellectuals, dominated the 2007 Tony Awards for theater. The Thai government on Monday played down speculation it was ready to hold elections in October to defuse a tense stand-off with protesters that descended into deadly violence at the weekend. Leave it to one underdog to identify another. Steve Blake, who looks more like Bart Simpson than a top-flight basketball player, picked Indiana to upset Duke in the NCAA Tournament. Struggling to make the National Basketball Association playoffs, the Indiana Pacers might have to attempt a late-season charge without star forward Jermaine O'Neal. Iran announced Tuesday that it had uncovered new evidence against two imprisoned Americans and had launched an expanded investigation into their alleged activities against the Islamic republic. Seattle Mariners shortstop Carlos Guillen left Sunday's game against the Anaheim Angels with a mild concussion after a violent collision with teammate Al Martin. Israel Defense Forces (IDF) estimated that the current wave of Israeli-Palestinian violence is likely to continue for months, and may probably run into next year, IDF spokesman Ron Kitrey said Tuesday morning.
t4509 Military reinforcements have been sent to quell renewed ethnic conflict in northeastern Ghana, where at least 10 people have been killed since the weekend, a senior government official said Wednesday. Six computers began crashing on the Russian side of the international space station Tuesday, limiting the spacecraft's ability to maneuver and produce oxygen. Here are answers to some questions about that problem: Thailand's pro-establishment "Yellow Shirts" gathered in their thousands on Sunday to discuss a response to weeks of anti-government protests that left 23 dead in clashes last weekend. Spanish authorities said Sunday that they had arrested an Algerian associated with al-Qaida, Osama bin Laden's network, who is suspected of raising funds for the 1998 attacks on two American Embassies in Africa and helping finance terrorist sleeper cells in Europe. Australian share prices fell sharply, dropping 1.5 percent in the market's largest fall in two years on Wednesday as investors picked up on Wall Street's alarm at the US Federal Resdeve's warning on inflation, dealers said. A Los Angeles Times about the HBO series "Big Love" referred to the character of Bill Henrickson as "a semi-closeted Mormon entrepreneur" with three wives. The Henricksons are not Mormons. Their faith is based on "the Principle of Plural Marriage" and has led them to become inactive with The Sales, 4 p.m. price and net change of the 15 most active New York Stock Exchange issues, trading nationally at more than $1. Uruguay's Vice-President Luis Hierro left here Friday morning for Xi'an, capital city of northwest China's Shaanxi Province to continue his China trip.
t6682 The Canadian province of Manitoba will hold legislative elections on April 25 with the Conservative Party running neck-and-neck against the Liberal Party. Intentional or not, Kobe Bryant seems to be doing everything he can to pressure the Los Angeles Lakers into trading him. The International Whaling Commission on Thursday unveiled a compromise proposal to resolve longstanding rifts under which Japan would cut its annual Antarctic catch by three-quarters in five years. When Alex Rodriguez returned to Seattle last April, fans tossed Monopoly money at him from all corners of Safeco Field. All game, said Darren Oliver, who was Rodriguez's teammate with the Rangers last season, the colored bills wafted down from the upper deck. Jan Kubis, the secretary general of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, was due to arrive in Kyrgyzstan Sunday for talks with the Central Asian nation's new leadership, an official said. Roger DiTarando built his first weather vane more than a decade ago, and it's still turning in the wind above his metalworking studio workshop. Three intoxicated pigs dance atop an immense puffy cloud, and the four vanes bear an N, a heart, a star and a crescent moon. Shawn Chacon recovered from his worst outing in the majors by allowing two runs over eight-plus innings, and Larry Walker hit three doubles as Colorado stopped a five-game slide by beating the Texas Rangers 11-2 Saturday. Chinese Vice Premier Wu Bangguo arrived here Tuesday for a three-day official visit aimed at deepening bilateral relations between the two countries.
t5910 The Palestinian self-rule authority on Sunday condemned attacks on civilians after two Israeli settlers were killed on the occupied West Bank. At least one Palestinian was killed and 15 wounded as gunmen and Israeli soldiers exchanged fire Monday at the Erez crossing between Israel and Gaza, the Israeli rescue service and Palestinian hospital officials said. Swiss pharamaceutical giant Novartis on Tuesday reported a 49 percent jump in net profit for the first quarter on a 12-month comparison -- a result that was hailed by analysts. Ronald Segal, author of ``A History of the Atlantic Slave Trade and Its Consequences,'' surveys the older traffic in slaves from sub-Saharan Africa to north Africa and the Middle East, and the role of African slaves in Islamic society from the 7th century to the present. The US ambassador to Israel has denied that Washington had promised Israel it could keep large Jewish settlements blocs in West Bank in any a final status agreement, a newspaper reported Friday. -- From Los Angeles, American, Continental, Delta, Northwest, Southwest, United and US Airways have connecting flights (change of plane) to Albany, N.Y. Restricted round-trip fares begin at $198. Facing mounting skepticism from investors, the beleaguered government of President Fernando De la Rua is struggling to muster badly needed support for its efforts to revive South America's second-largest economy. Zimbabwe's involvement in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) should continue to be viewed within the context of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) desire for peace, stability and tranquillity, said Zimbabwean Defense Minister Moven Mahachi on Friday.
t2075 A one-day stay-home protest called by Christians and Moslems to press for an end to the civil war in Liberia received massive support Thursday in the capital Monrovia. President George W. Bush pressed divided Republicans on Tuesday to support him on immigration overhaul, saying "the status quo is unacceptable." A strong earthquake hit a remote mountainous area of China Wednesday, killing about 400 people and injuring thousands as it toppled mud-and-wood houses and at least one school, burying many in rubble. Alex Rodriguez's frustration and anger boiled over. John Rocker kept nerves on edge to the final pitch. The Rangers felt their hearts jump in the final moments when David Justice crushed a pitch to deep center. An outbreak of an unidentified haemorrhagic fever has claimed the lives of 87 people in northern Angola over the past four months, health ministry spokesman Carlos Alberto said on Friday. After 26 years of a successful medical practice, Alan Berkenwald took for granted that he had a good reputation. But last month he was told he didn't measure up -- by a new computerized rating system. Facing new allegations of an extramarital affair and growing questions about his relationship with a missing intern, Rep. Gary Condit Wednesday ducked out of Fourth of July parades he usually attends. To mark the 100th anniversary of late film artist Xia Yan, the fourth Xia Yan Film Literature Awards were announced in the capital of east China's Zhejiang Province.
t9319 Sales of new US homes plunged 14 percent in February, after a revised 2.6 percent rise in January, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. Eben Bayer grew up on a farm in Vermont learning the intricacies of mushroom harvesting with his father. Now the college graduate is using that experience to create an organic insulation made from mushrooms. Manuel Noriega's legacy stirs anger among survivors of his 1983-1989 dictatorship, but it is unclear if young Panamanians care about the ex-general, analysts and observers said Tuesday. When Larry Zicklin, the president of the UJA-Federation of New York, a Jewish charity, thought in early March that he might organize a package tour to Israel, few people seemed interested. But after the Passover killings on March 27, and with reports of a rising wave of anti-Semitism in Tiger Woods and Chris DiMarco entered a playoff for the 69th Masters title here on Sunday, each American completing 72 holes at 12-under par 276. On a chilly February day, Stephanie Lenz decided to show her family and friends what her bouncing baby boy could do. She plopped 13-month-old Holden, then learning to walk, on the floor, cranked up Prince's song "Let's Go Crazy" and whipped out the digital camera. One of three young men charged with making paintball attacks on Alaska Natives has reached a plea agreement in which he will admit videotaping the incidents, prosecutors said Thursday. The approval was granted on November 23 during a routine cabinet meeting and will be published in the Kenya Gazette next January after the bill will be taken to the parliament for debate.
t4487 The dollar plunged Wednesday afternoon on the London forex market to its levels of a week ago in the wake of US data considered by the market as inflationary, traders said in mid-afternoon. A man accused of leading a powerful and brutal Mexican kidnapping ring was handed to Mexican authorities Friday, two years after U.S. officials deported him without realizing he was wanted. Air France is to conduct a test flight over southwestern France later on Sunday to test the presence of volcanic ash in that section of the country, the French aviation authority DGAC said. The events of Sept. 11 served to rekindle a wave of patriotism this country had not seen in a half-century or more. This renewed spirit has manifested itself in many ways _ mostly through the display of Old Glory in numerous shapes and sizes. As tens of thousands of Filippinos began the long trek back to their home provinces Wednesday the country's capital was on a heightened state of alert for possible terrorist attacks during the long Easter break. How much money is in your piggy bank? Would you give it away to someone who needed it? Brittany and Robbie Bergquist did. They turned $21 and an idea into a million-dollar charity. Despite an outcry over China's human rights record, Congress moved Tuesday to avoid confrontation with the Beijing government over its bid to stage the Olympics and to continue normal trade relations. Southwest China's Yunnan Province, which has rich hydro-power resources, will sell electricity to neighboring Thailand, according to an agreement recently signed between power departments of the two sides.
t8150 The president of the Czech Republic, Vaclav Havel, arrived here Sunday on a five-day visit to Australia, accompanied by two government ministers. J.T. O'Sullivan can't tell you exactly what affect his father's death had on his play when the Frankfurt Galaxy lost the 2004 World Bowl. Authorities in the US state of Arizona faced new protests Saturday after the governor signed a tough new law targeting illegal immigrants, which critics claim enshrines racial profiling and President Barack Obama branded "misguided." This Saturday at the Washington Hilton there will be another White House Correspondents Association dinner, the annual bacchanalia that long ago evolved from an inside-the-Beltway dud into a gaudy celebrity fest accompanied by much hand-wringing by the serious press over the evening's downward spiral. Iraq's newly appointed prime minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari began the process Friday of building a cabinet which he said must include efficient technocrats and nationalists with a 'clean history'. Iran has significantly escalated its involvement in Iraq, "raising the heat" by supplying more sophisticated weaponry that is used against U.S. targets and undermining progress made by the current U.S. troop increase, Iraqi National Security Adviser Mowaffak al Rubaie said Friday. Extra Israeli soldiers, tanks and military vehicles took up new positions Wednesday in the West Bank, beefing up their presence around Palestinian towns as tension and violence escalate. China will have 69 million people to use mobile phones to access Internet by 2004, predicted by Monday's China Business Times.
t9658 A missile strikes a Serb tank which disappears in a cloud of smoke as the camera zooms in to the sound of rock music -- the television war is on. Argentina's capital appeared to reject a candidate for mayor backed by leftist President Nestor Kirchner on Sunday, as exit polls gave a commanding lead to the owner of Argentina's most popular soccer team. As allegations of paedophilia rock the Catholic Church in Europe and the Americas, the Church in Africa has remained largely silent on the scandal that has hardly made a ripple in local media. I'm in the middle of downtown L.A. traffic with my head poked out the car window and I just don't see it. European stock markets dropped in afternoon trading on Monday, mirroring weaker US stocks at the end of the previous week, while British mining groups moved lower, dealers said. ICE officials said they shut down San Pedro to conduct preventive maintenance on the facility, which would take at least one month to complete. The transfers began late last week and ended Monday, authorities said. The majority of detainees, 230, was sent to Texas; 132 to Arizona; 26 to Sue Billek Nyhus, who spent the past three seasons as an assistant to retiring BYU coach Gary Howard, will take over the program in September. The price index of Jordan's Amman Financial Market closed at 133.55 points on Wednesday, 1.11 points or 0.82 percent lower than Tuesday's finish.
t7014 A foreign woman living in Sweden and suffering from AIDS was sentenced Wednesday to two years in prison for having sex with four men without asking them to use a condom. Iran's Foreign Ministry summoned the British ambassador to complain over Britain's decision to grant a knighthood to author Salman Rushdie, who was accused of blasphemy by Iran's former supreme leader for his book "The Satanic Verses," the state news agency reported Wednesday. Death sentences imposed on two Norwegians in the Democratic Republic of Congo for killing their driver were overturned Thursday, their lawyer announced, adding that the men would be retried. With more than 20 million dot-com names registered, short and catchy ones are hard to find. But that's good news to the company that's selling names in the dot-us domain to the general public. He has met him only once, eight years ago, but for President Robert Mugabe, Tony Blair is the bane of Zimbabwe's existence and the man to beat in key elections on Thursday. "I will not vote for any funding that does not move us toward beginning to withdraw our troops, that does not have pressure on the Iraqi government to make the tough political decisions that they have, that does not recognize that there is a diplomatic endeavor that has to Troops taking part in British nuclear tests in Australia in 1956 weren't guinea pigs and suffered no ill health from exposure to radiation, a government report said Monday. The armed convicts, who took seven hostage with them on the pickup, said they will free two injured hostage after the police open the gate of the prison, and free two more when they cross Bridge Mahachai and free the last three they arrive at a safe place.
t8665 One year after media tycoon Silvio Berlusconi, a political novice, won Italy's general election, political life is becoming aggressively polarised between left and right as they give no quarter in the fight for the middle ground which used to be dominant. Much of southeastern Europe baked in record hot temperatures Friday and electricity resources were being stretched to cover heightened demand during the summer's first major heat wave. One of the best ways Brazilians can stave off chronic illness is to engage regularly in physical exercise, especially sex, Health Minister Jose Gomes Temporao said Monday. A U.S. Bankruptcy Court judge has approved a plan for the Dee Howard Aircraft Maintenance to sell its assets to Vision Technologies Aerospace for $14.2 million. Tibet's exiled spiritual leader the Dalai Lama called Saturday for the abolition of the death penalty and a revamp of centuries of academic-centered thinking on education to build a more "warm-hearted" world. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with presidential candidate Sam Brownback, a two-term Republican senator from Kansas. Tom Glavine made another stingy start in one of his favorite ballparks and Keith Lockhart hit a three-run homer Wednesday night that sent the Atlanta Braves to a rain-shortened 3-1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds. Sepp Blatter, the president of soccer's governing body FIFA, arrived here on Wednesday to explore the possibility of developing interest in soccer on this baseball- crazy island country.
t3926 Jean-Jacques Eydelie, the alleged go-between, told a court here on Tuesday that Bernard Tapie had not ordered the match-fixing which secured Olympique Marseille's fifth successive French league title in 1993. A house that a 73-year-old tycoon bought for his mistress belongs to her and he cannot have it back, a court has ruled in a landmark judgment establishing legal rights of extramarital lovers in Malaysia. Palestinians on Saturday held rallies and vigils in an annual day of support for the thousands of Palestinians held in Israeli prisons, a day after a detainee died in custody. The Immigration and Naturalization Service has transferred Malik Jarno, a 17-year-old Guinean described by his lawyers as mentally retarded, to a juvenile facility after dropping its contention that he is an adult. Two journalists charged in Malawi for reporting that President Bingu wa Mutharika was afraid of ghosts will face a new charge of "causing ridicule" to the chief executive, a top prosecutor said Tuesday. Word at the World Bank is that about 90 senior officials have yet to submit their required financial disclosure forms for last year. (About 1,100 senior folks are obliged to do so.) As former president Paul Wolfowitz says in the current issue of the bank's Annual Integrity Report, the Northwest Airlines has reached a $1.73 billion agreement with Bombardier Aerospace to lease 75 regional jets beginning next year and continuing into 2005, the companies said Monday. A large and colorful celebration with traditional dances attended by hundreds of people Wednesday took place in Jowhar town, 90 kilometers north of Mogadishu, in consolidation of a peace deal reached between the Hawadleh and Galje'l clans living there.
t109 The dollar struggled to rally from record low points in Tokyo on Friday with helpd from the Bank of Japan which intervened intermittently to reduce the rise of the yen. Panama converted its only two shots on goal in the first half, capitalizing on a man advantage after the 24th minute, and beat Honduras 3-2 Friday in the opening Gold Cup match for both teams. Mourners from the Polish diaspora around the world gathered in grief on Sunday to mark the death of President Lech Kaczynski and 95 other officials in a plane crash in western Russia. With a trial of Gen. Augusto Pinochet increasingly unlikely here, victims of the Chilean military's 17-year dictatorship are now pressing legal actions in both Chilean and American courts against Henry Kissinger and other Nixon administration officials who supported plots to overthrow Salvador Allende Gossens, the Socialist president, in the Eighteen people were charged Tuesday with seeking to smuggle Russian-made heavy weapons into the United States, US attorney David Kelley announced here. Scientists said Thursday they had transplanted a microbe's entire, tangled mass of DNA into a closely related organism, a delicate operation that cleanly transformed the recipient from one species into the other. Pete Sampras tied Rod Laver for Wimbledon's second-longest winning streak and returned to form Friday in his bid for a record eighth title at the tournament. Price of bread in official market of the Angolan capital city of Luanda has seen a 73 percent upsurge over the past five days mainly due to the step-down supply of flour and trigo.
t2862 A Bosnian woman interpreter was detained at gunpoint Saturday by Serbs as she sought to cross a checkpoint, near Sarajevo, in a UN forces vehicle in the company of two French soldiers, a UN spokesman said. The opening of "Xanadu," the new Broadway musical based on the cult Olivia Newton-John roller-disco movie, has been postponed after one of its stars, James Carpinello, injured his foot during a rehearsal Tuesday. Twitter is wooing software developers who have helped the micro-blogging service rocket to worldwide stardom but now face being displaced by the hot company's own creations. Rumors spread like a spring storm through the tiny Blue Ridge Mountain town of Westminster, S.C., after the town's only physician, Billy Campbell, bought 32 acres and set out to start an uncommon cemetery. Wales woke up to a huge hangover Sunday after the Welsh rugby team clinched a first Grand Slam victory in the Six Nations rugby tournament for 27 years with a 32-20 win over Ireland here. Last September, when Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf visited the White House to tout a controversial plan for driving al-Qaida from his country, President Bush responded at a joint news conference with a trademark profession of faith. When Musharraf ``looks me in the eye'' and says there ``won't be a Give ``Lost and Delirious'' a B-plus for splendidly capturing the rapture and anguish of first love and teen-age obsession. Give it an A-minus for accomplishing that in a lesbian relationship at an all-girl boarding school. Peggy Buchse of Germany and Evgueni Bezroutchenko of Russia made history in Honolulu on Wednesday, winning the opening event at the first FINA world open water swimming championsships.
t7665 Pope John Paul II is to sign an encylical outlining the Roman Catholic church's teaching on moral issues involving taking human life at a ceremony here on Saturday. Australia's premier announced plans Thursday to ban pornography and alcohol for Aborigines in northern areas and tighten control over their welfare benefits to fight what he called a crisis of child sex abuse among them. Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou appealed for debt relief from the European Union and IMF on Friday and told his country it was a vital national need. Trumpeter Dave Douglas is jazz's most versatile bandleader. He's got something like eight or nine groups operating (even he has trouble keeping track), including the Tiny Bell Trio, the Charms of the Night Sky chamber ensemble, the Parallel Worlds string group, the electric Sanctuary, and his latest package, a West Indies all rounder Ryan Hinds will miss the second Test against South Africa due to a viral illness, the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) said on Wednesday. Although there are moments of pointed social commentary, "Washington Square Serenade" is more of a personal chronicle, specifically, Earle's recent move to New York. The softer subject matter takes some of the fire out of the roots-rocker's songs, but Earle has no trouble turning in compelling songs, whatever the Hasim Rahman, Lennox Lewis and Mike Tyson are the three key pieces in an expensive heavyweight puzzle. Ross Greenburg knows exactly how he'd like those pieces to fit. Thai Police officers are hunting for a remaining Myanmar jail-breaker who is believed to escape a raid by the Thai commando forces Thursday morning, local TV channel reported Saturday.
t2873 Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto said Saturday that her government would respond "ruthlessly" if necessary to end the violence that has plagued Karachi. The American Civil Liberties Union sued the city of New Orleans, its police chief and the police department Wednesday on behalf of a New Orleans man who said he was brutalized by a group of officers. Rescuers with shovels and bare hands clawed through rubble Thursday to hunt for survivors of a quake in a remote area of China which killed over 600 people and made thousands homeless. They'll gather tonight, as they always do, clad in green jackets, cloaked in secrecy, members of the most exclusive golf fraternity. This marks the golden anniversary of The Supper Club, which gathers every Tuesday before the start of the Masters in the upstairs of Augusta National's clubhouse to share Arab foreign ministers are seeking to ensure that Egypt's efforts to win a seat on the UN Security Council will be made in the name of Arabs rather than Africa, a senior official told AFP Sunday. Khalid Sheik Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, was subjected to the CIA's harshest interrogation methods while he was held in secret prisons around the world for more than three years, part of an interrogation regimen that the International Committee of the Red General Motors Corp. has decided to stop buying steel from LTV Steel by the end of the year as part of a move to work with a smaller number of suppliers, a company spokesman said Friday. Yilmaz, a former premier and foreign minister, came here to attend a Greek-Turkish business forum and he has already met with former Greek Premier Constantine Mitsotakis, his Greek counterpart, George Papandreou, and Athens Mayor Dimitris Avramopoulos.
t9368 Turkey planned a diplomatic drive to defend its assault on separatists in northern Iraq on Wednesday and said the power vacuum in the region could only be filled by Iraq's return to the international fold. China and India, the political and economic giants of Asia, should show greater leadership while the United States -- the region's traditional power -- is preoccupied in the Middle East, the president of the Philippines said Sunday. A default on bonds by Greece or any other eurozone country is "out of the question," European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet said Tuesday. J.P. Morgan Chase's ability to recover from a slew of recent losses rests largely in the hands of two men, who are both looking to restore tarnished reputations and may be considered for the top job someday. One of the unanswered questions about next week's secret conclave to elect the next pope is how much influence will be wielded by "the Work," the conservative Roman Catholic organization called the Opus Dei. After inquiries from the Los Angeles Times on Friday, the commission scrambled to post more reports on its Web site and expects to place new ones online as early as next week. Fundamentalist Christians in a southern Ontario town live by the adage, ``Spare the rod and spoil the child.'' Now social workers are imposing a modified version: ``Spare the rod or lose the child.'' The petition said three of the most recent murders, in West Timor on September 6, "could have been avoided if a more effective early warning system had been in place and preventive measures ... had been provided in a timely manner."
t9657 Israelis "executed" an Arab driver after his truck collided with a jeep killing two Jews, Palestinian police chief Nasr Yussef charged Thursday. Hunter Mahan earned his first U.S. PGA Tour victory on Sunday, winning the Travelers Championship in a playoff a year after finishing second. He wowed New York with huge man-made waterfalls, drew the masses to London's Tate Modern with a giant artificial sun and is now staging his first major solo show in his adopted city, Berlin. Lorie Kane is one of the world's best female golfers, banking $3.7 million in her nine-year career. Like many successful career women, she derives great satisfaction from all that hard work _ and at night goes home alone. Cambodia's southern port of Sihanoukville, an area that draws beach-loving foreign tourists, has introduced water restrictions amid a serious drought in the kingdom, an official said Monday. The United States Senate was confronted Tuesday with a stark choice: health care for children, or pet projects for their home states. Jack Sprague dominated again in qualifying Friday, winning his fifth pole position of the season and setting the track record at the New England 200. Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said here on Wednesday that he must be provided with tools to enforce the Constitution and prevent its violations.
t200 A French UN soldier sustained a slight head wound and two Bosnian civilians on a tram also were hurt Friday, in separate sniping incidents on Sarajevo's main thoroughfare, known as Sniper's Alley. An inquiry by British police officers said it found no evidence that Britain allowed the CIA to use the country's airports to take terror suspects to other countries. Another failure in the quest for a treaty on climate change would cripple trust in the United Nations' ability to tackle global warming, the UN's climate pointman warned as more talks ground into their final day here on Sunday. Jars of Clay, ``The Eleventh Hour,'' Essential Records: There is much to choose from on this CD from a band that has already reached a strong measure of pop music stardom thanks to its recordings showing up on the soundtracks for such movies as ``Hard Rain,'' ``The Chamber,'' and Re-tests for suspected anthrax bacteria at a Pentagon mail facility and a postal facility at a second Pentagon office have proved negative, the Pentagon's chief health official said Tuesday. Who are Paris Hilton fans? I understand the desire to read about her. The chick is fascinating: rich, pretty, mean, self-obsessed and, yet, somehow, despite all that, not at all bad in bed. But to actually root for her, to write her letters of support while she's in jail, Dow Chemical Co. lowered its earnings expectations for the second quarter on Friday, saying demand for its products was not as strong as anticipated Chinese pianist Li Yundi won the gold medal Friday at the 14th Frederic Chopin International Piano Competition, the first time the event's top prize has been awarded since 1985.
t6468 A senior Palestinian official has called on PLO leader Yasser Arafat not to interfere with a new committee monitoring the autonomy talks with Israel, Al-Hayat newspaper reported on Tuesday. The numbers of people driven from their homes by violence, natural disasters and poverty across the world is almost certain to rise in the future, the U.N. refugee chief said Tuesday. World oil prices breached 84 dollars on Wednesday as European governments reopened their airspace to more flights following a shutdown caused by ash from an erupting volcano in Iceland. Did you have a great weekend? That's what they'll ask you tomorrow at work. How do you know if you had a great weekend? Exactly how is that defined. Everyone has different criteria for assessing the success of their weekend. A man who said he had a letter for Pope John Paul II threatened to throw himself from the cupola of St Peter's basilica in the Vatican on Saturday as the Catholic Church prepared for its final Easter Holy Week celebrations. In the weeks before key government tests of new radiation detection equipment, officials at the Department of Homeland Security helped contractors through repeated dry runs that enabled them to perform better during the examinations, according to government briefing documents obtained by The Washington Post. Only one thing is certain at the midway point of a U.N. conference on small arms: a proposed action plan to curb the illegal trade will have to be rewritten because of irreconcilable differences between the United States and others. United Nations Secretary- General Kofi Annan intends to visit Baghdad this week to negotiate with the Iraqi side on issues such as arms inspections and the U.N. embargo, the official daily Babil reported Monday.
t4188 Blue-chip share prices surged to another record high Tuesday as long- term interest rates eased to their lowest level since June 1994 on suprisingly low figures for retail sales in February. Rich Muslim countries must donate generously and fast to help fellow Muslims fight polio in Nigeria, Pakistan and Afghanistan, three of only four countries where the crippling disease is endemic, health ministers of the Organization of the Islamic Conference said Friday. KLM Royal Dutch Airlines declared European airspace "safe" after a series of test flights, as the traffic inspectorate said KLM would be allowed to fly three cargo flights to Asia later Sunday. One day after a truck loaded with propane exploded on the doorstep of a historic synagogue here, killing three German tourists, two synagogue employees and the driver, the police and the synagogue's president continued to insist that it was an accident. Doddie Weir has joined the growing list of former Scotland internationals to call for Matt Williams's dismissal as coach of the national side. Yoga is like coffee -- stimulating, but you can't just say you want some: You can order it fast, slow, hard, easy, with in-your-face meditation or with nary a word of Sanskrit. There are a half-dozen or more major forms, and while that provides the benefit of choice and When prep star Amare Stoudemire arrived for the Nike All-America basketball camp, he brought a sidekick _ public relations representative Marc Little. Visiting Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand Supachai Panitchpakdi expressed here Thursday his firm confidence that Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, Sri Lanka and Thailand Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC) would be able to play a very significant role in the development of the Southeast Asian economies.
t9762 In Sanaa, Prime Minister Abdel Aziz Abdel Ghani called Thursday for the Yemeni people to make sacrifices for the sake of the country's economy. The U.S. dollar was trading at 123.94 yen at 2:50 p.m. (0550 GMT) Monday, up from 123.87 yen late Friday in New York. Japanese share prices opened lower Tuesday, with the benchmark Nikkei-225 index falling 32.34 points, or 0.29 percent, to 11,133.45 in the first minutes of trading. When the Mets offense finally started cranking in Phoenix this week, the injured Rey Ordonez joked that if the Mets kept scoring so many runs, they wouldn't need his defense. But the joke could be on Ordonez; his absence is one of the the reasons for the Mets' scoring Half of the women in the Arab world are illiterate and more than 10 million children in region don't go to school, according to a report released Monday. Under that law, states may also issue noncomplying licenses, so long as these have a unique design and a clear statement that says they will not be accepted for federal identification. But homeland security officials are looking at whether the plan might interfere with enforcement of immigration laws. A manufacturer of plastic packets of mustard and ketchup has been charged with running a prostitution ring out of his home in a well-to-do Long Island neighborhood. Karl Malone needed eight points to make an historic move up the NBA's all-time scoring list. He netted 31 to pass the late legend Wilt Chamberlain and lead the Utah Jazz to a 98-84 victory over the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday.
t2786 After being dismissed for 183 in their first innings against New Zealand here Saturday, Sri Lanka struck back and had the home side in trouble at 33 for three at stumps on the first day of the first test. Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko urged parliament on Wednesday to stop meeting and officially dissolve itself so that early parliamentary elections can be held in September. Strong growth figures from China and better-than-expected consumer spending data in the United States lifted most Asian markets Thursday on growing optimism over the global economy. Change comes slowly at academic quarterlies. It was August 2000 when James Miller took over as editor of Daedalus, the journal of the American Academy of Arts &AMP; Sciences, which is based here. His first issue, Winter 2002, didn't appear until February. An explosion of dengue fever in Thailand since the start of the year has health officials warning occurrences of the disease, already up 75 percent over the same period last year, will likely rise with the arrival of mid-year rains. A caretaker was fatally mauled by at least two dogs at the home of actor Ving Rhames, who was out of the country filming a movie, police said Friday. The European Commission opened an investigation into the purchase of French packaging company Sidel SA by France's Tetra Laval SA, a unit of Dutch packaging group Tetra Laval BV. Six prisoners were killed and 25 others wounded in a botched prison breakout in the southern Iranian city of Shiraz, the official Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA) reported on Thursday.
t1857 German President Roman Herzog will make an official visit to Pakistan in April at the invitation of President Farooq Ahmad Leghari, the first to the country by a top German leader, officials said Wednesday. The head of the European Union's executive said Tuesday the idea of a stripped-down treaty replacing the draft EU constitution is making progress. Ten million Hindu pilgrims led by hundreds of ash-covered, naked holy men streamed into the sacred waters of the river Ganges on Wednesday at the world's biggest religious festival. In two cities, 244 miles apart, Dale Earnhardt Jr. stirred some strong, contrasting emotions within NASCAR's new crowd and its old faithful one. Myanmar student activist Ko Ko Gyi, who helped lead 1988 pro-democracy demonstrations that were brutally suppressed by the military, has been freed after serving more than 13 years in prison, relatives said Friday. A 7-year-old girl said she had been raped and repeatedly molested over the course of a year. Police in Montgomery County, Md., acting on information from a relative, soon arrested a Liberian immigrant. They marshaled witnesses and DNA evidence to prepare for trial. Two explosions rocked separate hotels on the main street of Cambodia's capital Wednesday, killing two people and injuring at least seven in what police said were terrorist attacks. Iranian President Mohammad Khatami here on Sunday called for military and defense cooperation with neighboring Pakistan in order to safeguard peace and stability in the region.
t7067 Several members of the Greenpeace environmental group chained themselves to a lock on the Rhine River Wednesday in a protest against pollution, police said. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Wednesday it will start selling prepaid Visa debit cards that do not require a credit check or bank account. Greek civil servants staged on Thursday the fourth 24-hour strike this year against a tough austerity drive as the government raced to nail down the details of a backstop loan deal. Delphin Gomes is from the old school. When he makes petits fours, flaky croissants, or fruit tarts, he follows the French techniques he learned as a young man in his long years of apprenticeship. He does everything from scratch, and he doesn't hold back on the good ingredients. He Sony Computer Entertainment (SCE) said Monday it has been ordered to halt sales of its blockbuster PlayStation consoles in the United States due to an alleged patent infringement. The stepped-up enforcement by Chinese officials, who are trying to restore confidence in the Made-in-China label after a series of product-safety scares, has included intense inspections of certain food producers and new requirements in some cases, such as putting tracking stickers on every outbound box and increasing testing for Jacques Rogge, a sailor and surgeon with a squeaky-clean reputation, was elected Monday to succeed Juan Antonio Samaranch as president of the International Olympic Committee. Florida Supreme Court ruled unanimously on Tuesday that amended hand vote recounts in some counties of the state must be accepted until November 26, a spokesman for the court announced.
t2686 Spain's Carlos Sainz notched his second victory of the season here on Friday, when he won a thrilling finish to the Portuguese Rally at the wheel of a Subaru Impreza. The House of Representatives on Wednesday passed what could become the first major U.S. gun control law in over a decade, spurred by the Virginia Tech campus killings and buttressed by National Rifle Association help. Chinese President Hu Jintao has cut short a tour of Latin America on Thursday to return home to deal with his country's devastating earthquake, officials here said. So many NFL prospects have hard-luck stories about overcoming obstacles and playing through adversity that scouts become jaded, but Boston College running back William Green has the kind of tragic tale that causes everyone to pay attention. Syria looks set to pull all of its troops out of Lebanon ahead of upcoming elections, the Syrian ambassador to Britain said in an interview broadcast on Sunday. Alan Maxwell Pottasch, the advertising executive who helped create the ``Pepsi Generation'' ad theme in the 1960s and spent five decades sculpting Pepsi-Cola's image in the cola wars, died in his sleep Friday while visiting Los Angeles to shoot a commercial, the company announced. The clothes are tropical chic, the music is Madonna, the models are tall and tanned. On the catwalk at Havana Fashion 2001, Cuba looks completely in touch with the world of fashion. At least two people were killed and nine Israelis slightly injured when a car bomb went off Thursday afternoon near the Ben-Yehuda open-air market in downtown Jerusalem, Israeli police said.
t1888 Finance Minister Edmond Alphandery hinted in an interview to be published Thursday at a drop in interest rates, predicting that France's financial climate is due to improve in the next few months. Kurdish rebel group says it is declaring "unilateral cease-fire" and is ready for negotiations but insists on right to defend itself. World leaders, including US President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Dimtry Medvedev, are to travel from far and wide to pay last respects to Polish president Lech Kaczynski at his funeral on Sunday. Watching just one hour of television a day can make people more violent. And children aren't the only ones affected, say researchers in New York _ adults are as well. US doctors may on Friday turn off the feeding tube of a Florida woman who has been in a vegitative state for 15 years while her husband and parents fight over whether she should be kept alive. ``You look like the sort of angel I'd get,'' George Bailey said to Clarence in ``It's a Wonderful Life,'' and an entire genre was born. Two former Rutgers basketball players and a team manager who said they were forced to do naked wind sprints can sue their former coaches, an appellate court has ruled. Vice-Premier Wen Jiabao made a two-day inspection tour of the flood-affected areas in south China 's Hainan Province late last week and extended the regards of the central authorities to local residents.
t8677 A US employee of the United Nations who was abducted in Chad last week has been released, the State Department said Monday. Blackstone Group LP, the investment firm known for making billion-dollar bets to buy huge companies and take them private, jumped almost 20 percent Friday in its debut on the New York Stock Exchange. The buzz of angry bees can stir elephants to sound a "rumbling" alarm, signalling troop members to flee their attackers, a study released Monday said. When Marvel Comics was revolutionizing the comic book field in the early 1960s, the company promoted itself with the motto ``superheroes with super problems.'' Japan said Saturday it hoped China would ensure the safety of Japanese nationals and companies as protesters in Beijing attacked a Japanese restaurant and pelted the embassy. "When one of our services or policies doesn't effectively serve members of Congress or the American public, it needs to be changed immediately," architect Stephen T. Ayers said in a statement. "I appreciate the Congress bringing this important issue to my attention." A federal appeals court said Wednesday that the alleged childhood abuse of a man convicted of threatening President Clinton should have been considered during his sentencing. A total of one million Shanghai families, who are subscribers of cable TV, could use the cable to surf the Internet in early December.
t1461 The child mortality rate has risen to 17.5 percent compared to 2.5 percent before the UN sanctions imposed in 1990, a health ministry official said Tuesday. The board of data-management company Acxiom Corp. followed a unanimous committee decision when it accepted a $2.25 billion (euro1.68 billion) buyout offer by two private equity firms in May, the company said in a regulatory filing Monday. Russian authorities have identified the organisers of a series of suicide bombings late last month that killed more than 50 people, the head of the security services said Tuesday. The worldwide network of accounting offices tied to Arthur Andersen edged closer toward extinction Tuesday as negotiations to sell many of the foreign affiliates to KPMG collapsed, potentially cutting off one of the few financial lifelines available to the firm in the wake of the Enron debacle. Germany is to send the first batch of a contingent of soldiers to train Iraqi military engineers in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), the army central command said Thursday, a day before the deployment. Barry Bonds, the big lug, is making me think hard about what I'm going to do the year he becomes eligible for the Hall of Fame and I cast my vote. An American on the brink of death has received the first self-contained, mechanical total heart replacement in a landmark experimental operation. Chinadotcom Corporation, the first Chinese Internet company listed on the U.S. NASDAQ stock market, is expected to make a profit by the end of next year.
t8617 Iranian officials attending a sub-Saharan oil and minerals conference here are to discuss leasing oil-storage facilities from South Africa, the national news agency SAPA said. Defending champion Justine Henin needed less than an hour to beat Marion Bartoli 6-1, 6-3 Friday to reach the final of the Eastbourne International. US President Barack Obama Monday announced a string of new educational and entrepreneurial exchanges with Muslim nations, in a bid to honor his promise to forge a new beginning with Islam. Michael Corenblith, a production designer with multiple Academy Award nominations, was sitting in a Houston hotel recently, armed with a photo of himself at the Alamo. Leading US newspapers on Saturday described the funeral of Pope John Paul II as a majestic event that united the world in grief, but offered no editorial opinions about the elaborate ceremony. Early in the Bush administration, Michael B. Mukasey's position at the intersection of terrorism and the justice system may have cost him a promotion. A 14-year-old boy sent to a boot camp for troubled youths drowned in a motel bathtub, vomiting mud, after being forced to stand in the sun when he said he wanted to go home, according to a court record released Wednesday. Uganda defeated Rwanda 3-1 in Council for East and Central Africa Football Associations (CECAFA) cup semi-final match played on Wednesday night.
t9896 North Korea is raising opium on a massive scale to earn hard currency but many villagers end up hooked on the drug after using it in place of scarce medicine, a defector from the North claimed here Friday. Swiss pharmaceutical company Roche AG said Monday it agreed with Japan's Toyama Chemical Co. on a licensing agreement for the worldwide research, development and commercialization of a rheumatoid arthritis treatment. Lookin At Lucky has drawn the number one post and has been installed as the 3-1 favourite for Saturday's 136th running of the Kentucky Derby. Really, this is what Samaki Walker has been waiting for since last July, when the San Antonio Spurs dismissed him and the Lakers gave him a new home and contract and a promise that, one day, he would laugh last. The Vatican on Monday showed details of the austere and secretive world which cardinals will inhabit once they file into a conclave to elect a successor to John Paul II next Monday. Robert Chambers pleaded not guilty to drug charges Thursday and was ordered held without bail until a hearing next week. Reputed mob boss Joseph ``Skinny Joey'' Merlino was cleared by a jury Friday on three murder charges but found guilty on 20 counts of extortion, illegal bookmaking and receiving stolen property. Israeli government has decided not to allow West Bank Palestinians to perform prayers Friday at a disputed holy site inside the Old City of East Jerusalem "due to security concerns."
t41 Two soldiers died and one suffered wounds when a gunman opened fire at barracks on a US Army post here, officials said Thursday. Tony was 12 when he sexually assaulted the 10-year-old sister of his best friend. Now 20, he is about to be released following eight years of treatment. Sudanese voted on Sunday in the first competitive multi-party polls in more than two decades, but the vote was marred by an opposition boycott, allegations of fraud and logistical problems. They've been dubbed the ``dream team,'' but the two lead lawyers who are joining forces against the new federal campaign finance law appear to be an unlikely twosome. The retired general at the heart of Croatia's standoff with the European Union over war crimes allegations commanded a 1995 operation which virtually ended the country's 1991-95 war with rebel Serbs. Beginning July 1, all new mattresses and mattress sets must meet revised fire-safety standards, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission. The commission's new guidelines do not make mattresses fireproof. But the measures are expected to slow fires by controlling the spread of open flames, decreasing fire intensity and There are no light switches at the local Best Buy. The bright fluorescent lights in the sprawling store at the Maine Mall are told by a computer in Minnesota when to turn themselves on and off. The Jewish and Muslim communities in South Africa should not allow the conflict in the Middle East to spill over to this country, the South African Foreign Ministry said on Friday.
t8799 Italian industrial outout fell by 4.8 percent in January from the figure for December but was 12.3 percent higher than in January 1994, official figures showed on Tuesday. The head of the Arab League pressed Lebanon's feuding leaders on Friday to resume dialogue to find a solution to the country's deepening political crisis. Steven Gerrard believes Liverpool's season could yet end on a high with the club back in contention for a top four finish in the Premier League as well as gunning for the Europa League trophy. In recent months, the explosion of Arab satellite TV stations and Web sites has had a profound impact on Arab public opinion by showing live, nonstop images of the Israeli crackdown on Palestinians in the West Bank. These TV and e-mail images have fueled massive demonstrations across the Arab Favourite Hedgehunter, trained in Ireland by Willie Mullins and ridden by Ruby Walsh, won the Grand National here on Saturday. A decision by the CIA director, Gen. Michael Hayden, to order a special review of efforts by CIA Inspector General John Helgerson to probe the agency's past interrogations and imprisonment of terrorism suspects evoked concern Friday among congressional staff and lawmakers. With the FBI having lost hundreds of laptops and firearms, lawmakers demanded a government-wide accounting of other firearms and computers and criticized the nation's largest law enforcement agency for losing track of its valuable equipment. The Tanzanian government has agreed to settle its 49 billion shillings (about 61.3 million U.S. dollars) electricity bills owed to the national electric company to avert further deterioration of the power supply in the country, the African newspaper reported on Friday.
t824 Third-placed Lazio, fresh from a UEFA Cup success over Borussia Dortmund, slaughtered Fiorentina 8-2 in their Serie A clash despite the absence of top scorer Giuseppe Signori. Twin infant boys were among six people found shot to death in a rental house in a small town in the Midwestern state of Wisconsin, after a barrage of gunfire that some neighbors thought were firecrackers. Kyrgyzstan's ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev made his first public appearance Monday since being toppled in a popular uprising, slamming his opponents and refusing to step down. Rankings reflect sales figures for the week ending March 23 at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other retailers, statistically weighted to represent sales in all such outlets nationwide. The number of titles within the two subdivisions of nonfiction can change from week to week, reflecting changes in US President George W. Bush on Wednesday hailed the opening of Iraq's new national assembly as "a bright moment" and downplayed its failure thus far to agree on a unity government for the war-torn country. It's been 30 years since British television interviewer David Frost sat down for more than 20 hours of taped inquisition with Richard M. Nixon, then in exile at Casa Pacifica, the former Western White House overlooking the ocean at San Clemente, Calif. A teen-age couple say they've been the targets of abuse ever since their parents announced they were getting married, making them stepbrother and stepsister. Zhu also made a proposal which urges to establish stricter and more specific regulations on poisonous bait and foodstuffs that contain antibiotics.
t9826 Chinese Premier Li Peng met Spain's King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia here, telling them he hoped to see the expansion of ties and cooperation between their two countries. Palestinian militants who captured an Israeli soldier exactly a year ago said Monday that he is in good health and being treated well. Somali-born rights icon Ayaan Hirsi Ali received a free speech award Wednesday from a Danish newspaper which sparked outrage by publishing cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in 2005. As much symbols of suburban virtues as Volvos and the lawn sprinkler, New Jersey's dogs have nevertheless been losing their liberties. A court in Uzbekistan on Monday jailed nine people for between six and 13 years on religious extremism charges, prompting an angry demonstration outside the court, a defence lawyer and an AFP reporter at the scene said. In the new documentary "The Price of Sugar," Haitian immigrants are featured living in medieval squalor and their barefoot children work next to elderly men, cutting sugar cane on Dominican plantations that supply U.S. households. Their remote shantytowns are enforced by barbed wire fences and patrolled by shotgun-wielding guards. Some communications products sold by a Broadcom Corp. subsidiary infringe on two patents held by Intel Corp., an administrative law judge for the U.S. International Trade Commission said. South African President Thabo Mbeki on Tuesday condemned two incidents of violence during the local government elections, which left six people dead.
t5753 Britain's Queen Elizabeth II arrived in South Africa on Sunday after an absence of 48 years for a celebratory week-long state visit that Buckingham Palace has described as one of the three most important of her reign. Turkey's pro-secular President Ahmet Necdet Sezer on Monday blocked a measure that would have allowed the Islamic-rooted government to hold a referendum on a new presidential voting system on July 22, the same day as early general elections. Rain and fog forced the shuttle Discovery to wave off an attempt to return to Earth in Florida early Tuesday, on the heels of two prior attempts that were scrapped, NASA said. Eddie Delahoussaye doesn't like the way the California thoroughbred racing industry is going and what it means for a 50-year-old jockey, and he says he would walk away from the sport right now if it wasn't for one thing. Aftershocks rattled Japan's southern Kyushu island Friday, five days after a powerful earthquake left one dead and more than 700 injured, officials said. The first presidential forum to be conducted in Spanish placed a couple of the Democratic participants in an uncomfortable position Sunday night: answering tough questions while simultaneously fiddling to make sure their earpieces didn't fall out and they could the hear the translation of the next question. BMW officials traveled to one of the nation's smoggiest cities Thursday to show off a fleet of luxury cars that run on rocket fuel, but belch virtually nothing more than water and steam from their tailpipes. At the close, the Australian dollar was at 52.11 U.S. cents, from 52.16 at the close of Wednesday's local session.
t3215 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Sunday won support from the Gulf monarchies for maintaining sanctions against Iraq but also pressed them to end an embargo on Israel. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani will visit China later this month for meetings with top officials, the Foreign Ministry announced Thursday. French aviation authorities ordered airports in the north of the country to remain closed until at least 8:00 am (0600 GMT) on Saturday because of a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. AUGUSTA, Ga. - You can't blame Phil Mickelson for getting testy. Nobody likes being reminded about a 4-putt, which he suffered through last week at the BellSouth Classic. Especially not at the Masters, where the greens already are so insanely fast, no putt longer than the clubhouse menu can President George W. Bush early Monday put his signature to controversial legislation designed to prolong the life of a severely brain-damaged Florida woman whose feeding tube has been removed by court order. I'm sweating and furiously frustrated when I finally arrive, 30 minutes late, at the Hong Kong Palace, an utterly nondescript Chinese restaurant in a suburban Virginia strip mall. Tyler Cowen is patiently reading when I arrive, unsurprised that it took me so long to find it. He almost always Ending a stalemate that threatened to cast a shadow over a key security alliance, the United States surrendered an American serviceman accused of rape to Japanese authorities Friday, allowing police formally to arrest him. The Indonesian government and central bank have agreed to immediately take measures to help reduce pressure on the ailing rupiah, including limiting speculation, according to a joint press statement issued by the government and Bank Indonesia.
t4234 A tug-of-war between Washington and Seoul over a massive telecommunications procurement project has intensified with US President Bill Clinton's buy-American push triggering outcries here. Tensions rose in Thailand on Friday as ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra prepared to make a video address to supporters who have been holding daily protests against the country's coup leaders. Afghan authorities freed Sunday three Italian charity workers arrested more than a week ago and accused of plotting to kill a provincial governor, the UN envoy in Kabul said. A Kansas man has been selected to lead the federal effort to improve security for the nation's ground and maritime cargo carriers. The leaders of Afghanistan and Pakistan agreed at talks Tuesday to boost cooperation in the fight against terrorism and drugs, and in promoting trade and tourism, the foreign ministry said. Iranian officials Tuesday announced the release of an American scholar held on national-security and espionage charges for more than 100 days inside the capital's Evin Prison. Pets ruled at the box office, with ``Cats &amp; Dogs,'' a tale of feuding canines and felines, debuting as the No. 1 weekend film with $21.7 million. Chinese President Jiang Zemin said Thursday afternoon that the Chinese government attaches great importance to developing relations with Uruguay and is willing to work with Uruguay to push forward bilateral ties.
t2868 The blasphemy trial of writer Taslima Nasreen was give a new delay Saturday, this time by 35 days after the prosecution said it has not yet received government approval to proceed. Another whale shark died early Wednesday at the Georgia Aquarium, the second this year at the only facility outside Asia to display the huge, rare fish. Japan's Mazda Motor will recall nearly 90,000 passenger cars domestically and in China due to an oil hose defect, the company said Thursday. Brutus knifed Caesar. Stalin's agents killed Leon Trotsky with an ice pick. An anarchist's pistol, draped in a handkerchief, did in President McKinley. Pope John Paul II appeared briefly at his apartment window to bless tens of thousands of pilgrims in St Peter's Square on Palm Sunday, the start of the Holy Week of Easter. The Democratic presidential candidates appeared together for the first time Saturday before a major gathering of the ``netroots'' -- online political activists who hope to remake American politics -- in a debate that produced a sharp exchange over donations from lobbyists. Patrick Rafter reached his second consecutive Wimbledon final, fighting from the brink of defeat to shock Andre Agassi on Friday. The gathering, called PanAfrican Conference 2000, will kick off here on Thursday afternoon, and Nigerian Vice President Atiku Abubakar will join the discussions on Friday morning, organizers said.
t2158 Britain's industry watchdog, the Monopolies and Mergers Commission, Thursday criticised Japanese video groups Sega and Nintendo for "monopolistic practices" in contravention of British competition policy. Republican members of Congress on Tuesday asked investigators to examine whether U.S. government efforts to transfer $25 million (euro18.7 million) from a previously frozen North Korean account would violate money laundering and counterfeit laws. Global agency Moody's said Wednesday it has upgraded its rating on South Korea's government bonds because of the country's "exceptional resilience" to the global economic crisis. Twin brothers Fahim and Azim Qureshi left for Afghanistan after they heard their religious leader in Karachi, Pakistan, issue an order to enlist in the Taliban's holy war. Groups representing African victims of HIV/AIDS appealed to the Indian government to withdraw a controversial patents bill introduced in parliament on Friday that will bar firms in India from producing cheap copies of brand name pharmeceuticals. A $20,000 reward from anonymous donors across the country led to the rescue of Red, a 6-month-old puppy whose owner was arrested and accused of dousing another of his dogs with gasoline and then setting him on fire, animal protection officials said Thursday. Police shot and killed a minister dressed as a ninja Wednesday after an extended standoff that began when they tried to take him to a mental hospital. Breaking her usual silence on the country's politics, Indonesian Vice President Megawati Soekarnoputri weighed her support behind embattled President Abdurrahman Wahid by lashing out at his critics.
t7341 British Telecommunications (BT) on Thursday said it had won an estimated 100 million pound (159 million dollar) five-year global networking deal with the world's leading international air express company, DHL. Vandals sawed the arms off a statue of Pele, and police are scouring scrap metal yards and art workshops looking for them. Japan posted a bigger-than-expected trade surplus of 10.2 billion dollars in March with exports surging 43.5 percent from a year earlier, official data showed Thursday. The offices of RealNetworks Inc., in a shiny, low-slung building a block from the bustling waterfront, are typical of any tech company. Abu Dhabi has embarked on a multi-million-dollar program to expand its existing airport and build a second airport, the emirates civil aviation officials announced Monday. Over the p ast year, oil-rich Abu Dhabi and its smaller neighbor Dubai have made cross-cultural alliances with other major studios such as Universal Studios and Paramount Pictures to help in their aggressive efforts to establish top entertainment hubs in the Arab world. Investment bank Salomon Smith Barney has settled a lawsuit filed by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission that accused the securities firm of discriminating against a group of black American, Haitian, Nigerian and West Indian employees, the federal agency said Monday. Peru's Congress leader Valentin Paniagua was sworn in on Wednesday as the interim president of Peru one day after Congress rejected the resignation of President Alberto Fujimori and sacked him for "moral incapacity."
t365 Australia's sensational newcomer Mark Philippoussis, playing in only his fifth ATP event, beat Sweden's Jonas Bjorkman 3-6, 6-4, 6-4, to reach the semi-finals of the 700,000-dollar Arizona Championships here Friday. Italian riot police used tear gas Saturday against anti-Bush demonstrators who donned face masks in defiance of a police order and threw bottles and other objects, disrupting an anti-globalization demonstration that was ending in the capital's ancient center. The stand-off between Red Shirt protesters and the government continued on the bloodstained streets of Bangkok Tuesday, as Thailand's foreign minister offered an olive branch for change. Enron and the telecommunications giant Qwest Communications struck a deal last fall to swap fiber optic network capacity and services at exaggerated prices in an effort to improve each company's financial picture, executives close to the deal said this week. Pakistan wants to join an international group fighting the spread of nuclear weapons and is likely to raise the issue during a visit by US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, officials said Wednesday. ``Check my resume,'' T.I. says in the victory lap that comes after his stunning performance on ``Help Is Coming,'' punctuating his boast about single-handedly reviving flagging hip-hop sales with one of the best performances of the year. ``This is no -- -- exception.'' Nicotine given to animals in water or by injections stimulated the growth of blood vessels. The finding surprised researchers and could have implications for some medical treatments and the long-term use of nicotine patches. Two legal casinos should be established in Bangkok to boost state coffers and stem the outflow of money to foreign casinos, Bangkok Governor Samak Sundaravej was quoted by The Nation newspaper as saying on Saturday.
t7268 Indonesia will not beg Washington to resume its funding for military training of Indonesian personnel in the United States, the Antara news agency Thursday quoted Foreign Minister Ali Alatas as saying. The head greenskeeper at Carnoustie has been suspended after a confrontation with an apprentice, a month before the British Open at the Scottish links course. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad left Thursday for a two-day visit to Zimbabwe and to UN Security Council member Uganda, with whom he will discuss Iran's nuclear programme, state television reported. AOL Time Warner, the world's biggest media company, said on Wednesday that it would not achieve its original financial goals for 2002 because the online advertising market had deteriorated even further than it had expected. Radical nationalist party Aukera Guztiak on Monday officially appealed a decision by Spain's supreme court banning it from standing in the April 17 regional Basque election, the Spanish constitutional court said. I am not dismissing the dangers of lead paint on toys or of small parts that could lead to a child's death. But Dodd's call to yank Chinese-made toys from the market while toy makers and safety regulators get their act together flies in the face of reality. Like Sanmina Corp., an electronics manufacturing company, is buying a bigger and older rival, SCI Systems Inc., for about $4 billion in stock. Botswana will continue to cooperate closely with Malaysia in matters of mutual interest and importance to the two countries, Botswanan President Festus G. Mogae said here Thursday.
t6364 The army banned Tuesday all Palestinian vehicles from entering Israel from the Gaza Strip after a suspected Islamic bomb attack was foiled. Extracting salt from seawater to make it drinkable is the wrong way to handle water shortages around the world and could exacerbate climate change, a leading conservation group said Tuesday. A popular former Japanese health minister on Wednesday quit the deflated opposition and vowed to launch a new party, further shaking up the nation's political balance before upper house elections in July. Josef Svoboda, a Czech stage designer who combined an architect's precision, a technician's ingenuity and an artist's vision to evoke magically imaginary worlds in more than 700 theatrical productions, died on April 8 in Prague. He was 81. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice defended a US decision to sell F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan and elaborated on US efforts to build ties with both India and Pakistan at once, in a lengthy interview published by The Washington Post Saturday. Though not always successful, these moves indicate a shift in strategy by the terrorist network as it seeks to broaden its reach and renew its ability to strike Western targets, including the United States, officials and experts say. Fresh from a weeklong vacation at a Rhode Island beach house, Emilee Klein shot a course-record 8-under 64 Friday to take a three-stroke lead in the Michelob Light Classic. A goal by the Ukrainian striker Andriy Shevchenko helped AC Milan take a hard-fought 1-1 draw Saturday against defending first division champion Lazio.
t2001 The Ukrainian parliament abolished the presidency and the constitution of the autonomous Crimean republic here Friday, and ordered that Crimean President Yuri Meshkov be charged with abuse of office. Montenegro police arrested a former Serbian police general Sunday who had been on the run for more than three years since being charged with murder and persecution of ethnic Albanians in Kosovo, the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal said. The Queensland Reds said Monday they have signed former Wallaby forward Radike Samo as an injury replacement for captain and lock James Horwill for the remainder of the Super 14 season. There is no such a thing as a typical family. But if there was, I grew up in one during the '50s and '60s. A rapidly warming climate would be a serious hazard for the unique ecology of Russia's Far East, experts from 11 national parks in the area warned Thursday. In the wake of the shooting massacre at Virginia Tech in April, many colleges and universities are forcefully tackling issues of security and mental health during summer orientation seminars and greet-the-frosh gatherings with parents and new students before regular classes begin. Napster was dealt another serious legal setback Wednesday when a federal judge demanded the song-swap company remain off-line until it can fully comply with an injunction to remove all copyright music. Seven companies listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (GEM) of Hong Kong posted strong earnings growth in the three months to September 30, 2000, according to the "South China Morning Post" Tuesday.
t4887 The British food and household goods group Reckitt and Colman on Thursday reported a 37 percent fall in 1994 pre-tax profits to 160 million pounds (253 million dollars) compared with 257 million pounds in 1993. West Indies allrounder Dwayne Bravo had a chat with England's newest knight of the realm Saturday about cricket and then went out and rescued his team from batting catastrophe. Britain would not have joined the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq if it had known that Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction (WMDs), Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Monday. Cornel West, the black studies scholar, said on Monday that he had decided to leave Harvard for Princeton largely because Princeton had made a far more enthusiastic and heartfelt pitch to snare him than Harvard had in trying to retain him. A senior Chechen warlord has been killed during an exchange of gunfire with pro-Russian Chechen forces in southeast Chechnya, a source in the pro-Russian Chechen administration said Wednesday. In an attempt to soften New York's gruff image and make the city more inviting to tourists and their wallets, Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Wednesday unveiled a celebrity-driven ad campaign called "Just Ask the Locals" inside a new, $1.3 billion American Airlines terminal at Kennedy Airport. It's not easy reconfiguring a successful dance piece for an entirely new space. Almost as hard as men and women finding the right relationships with each other, which happens to be what ``Contact,'' the Tony-winning dance musical, is all about. Narayanan, who was the first Indian president to visit Singapore in nearly three decades, had wide-ranging talks with his Singapore counterpart S. R. Nathan and Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong during his stay in the country.
t2410 The head of Japan's Economic Planning Agency (EPA), Masahiko Komura, Friday said the rise of the yen had been like a "yellow light" for Japan's recovery, and warned the currency surge would be closely monitored. King Albert II on Wednesday named the leader of Belgium's Francophone Liberals, who posted large gains in a weekend general election, to lead talks on forming a government coalition. Greek police on Thursday said they had found guns and two hideouts used by a the far-left extremist group, Revolutionary Struggle, after arresting six alleged members. VENTURA, CALIF. - The wife of a respected San Fernando Valley doctor was sentenced to death on Friday for the cold-blooded murders of three of the couple's young sons in their Santa Rosa Valley mansion. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrived in South Korea Saturday for talks focused on bringing North Korea back to dialogue aimed at ending its nuclear program. When Majed Afana needs to pray while attending classes at the University of Michigan at Dearborn, the 19-year-old Muslim usually will duck into the campus library's bathroom, strip off his shoes and awkwardly strain to wash his feet in the sink. Joe Pantoliano has made his name as a character actor in films including ``Risky Business,'' ``The Matrix'' and ``Memento,'' and on HBO's ``The Sopranos.'' A Boeing 747 of the Singapore Airlines with 159 passengers and 20 crew members aboard crashed, exploded and broke apart at Taipei's Chiang Kai-shek International Airport Tuesday night, according to reports reaching here.
t1126 Egypt has put forward a compromise formula to resolve its dispute with Israel over the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty which the Jewish state has refused to sign, a senior foreign ministry official told AFP Monday. A prison inmate accused of plotting to kidnap television talk show host David Letterman's young son was on the loose early Monday after he and another man fled the Montana State Prison ranch in a truck. Israel warned its nationals on Tuesday that there was an imminent risk of kidnap attempts by militants against holidaymakers in the neighbouring Sinai peninsula in Egypt. After more than 20 years of standing alongside American presidents in building peace in the region, President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt is feeling undermined by Washington, upstaged by Saudi Arabia and vulnerable before an angry Arab population, officials here say. Japanese share prices closed 0.82 percent lower Thursday after Wall Street tumbled on record oil prices and a profit warning from the world's largest carmaker, General Motors, dealers said. A federal labor agency has filed a complaint against The Washington Post alleging that the newspaper has not dealt fairly with its employees over compensation for appearing on Washington Post Radio and for selling advertising for the Onion, a satiric newspaper printed by The Post. Chuck Knoblauch broke an 0-for-16 slide with a three-run homer that capped a six-run seventh inning, and the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-1 Monday to complete a four-game sweep. Israeli and Palestinian security officials are to meet Wednesday, the first formal security cooperation talks in more than a week, Israel's Army Radio reported a short while ago.
t3198 A bomb blast killed the man who was trying to plant the device in Simferopol, capital of the Ukrainian republic of Crimea, Interfax reported Sunday. Investors wiped some euro6 billion (US$7.97 billion) off the market value of French pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Aventis Thursday after U.S. federal health advisers rejected its Accomplia weight-loss drug. Air traffic was disrupted across Europe Friday as a volcano eruption in Iceland sent a cloud of ash across much of the continent, forcing countries to close down their airspace. Standing on a high bluff overlooking Nablus, the besieged Palestinian city, Maj. Avi Picard said on Tuesday afternoon that he can almost see the Palestinian militants, hundreds of them, in the city's Anskar refugee camp. Some 15,000 policemen will be deployed in malls, churches and vital installations across the Philippine capital Manila to prevent terror attacks during the long Easter break, police said Monday. As he keeps watch outside the Utah coal mine where six of his employees have been trapped since Monday, Robert Murray angrily fends off suggestions that it was his company's mining technique, and not an earthquake, that caused the collapse 1,500 feet below ground. Anti-Navy protests brought near-anarchy to Vieques island, a U.S. federal judge said in sentencing Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and others to 30 days in jail for breaking into a bombing range to stop military exercises. The Serbian Renewal Movement ( SRM) and the Democratic Opposition of Serbia (DOS) bloc will keep away from the work of the transitional government until Rade Markovic resigns as the head of state security, Deputy Prime Minister Spasoje Krunic announced Friday.
t2432 Japanese ruling parties plan to send a mission to North Korea in hopes of reopening bilateral normalisation talks stalled since 1992, a leader of the largest coalition member said Friday. Lawmakers began casting votes Wednesday for Israel's next president, an ordinarily ho-hum race that has taken on a high-profile buzz because of rape allegations against the incumbent and Shimon Peres' campaign to cap his six-decade political career with a term in the president's mansion. US First Lady Michelle Obama left Mexico City on Thursday after first foreign solo trip which aimed to boost close US-Mexico ties and included a surprise stop in Haiti. The final tally is complete, and once again Michael Bloomberg is the undisputed winner. Bloomberg is, officially, New York's biggest shopper _ at least when it comes to shopping for office. Norway's Ole Einar Bjoerndalen and France's Sandrine Bailly won the men's and women's biathlon World Cup titles after the final races here Saturday. Bill Walsh, known in football circles simply as ``The Genius'' for taking his San Francisco 49ers to three NFL championships and designing the ``West Coast offense'' that has attracted countless devotees in both college and professional ranks, has died. He was 75. Before Gen. George Washington crossed the Delaware River and sealed the promise of the Declaration of Independence, he heard from his personal spy that the Hessian force in Trenton, N.J., would be a pushover. Iran's conservative Guardians Council (GC) on Wednesday rejected two amendments to the press law by the reformist Majlis (parliament), the official Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA) reported.
t4446 Three women went on trial before an Iranian revolutionary court here Wednesday facing a possible death sentence for murder and planning bomb attacks, in the first public trial of the kind. A senior Myanmar law enforcement official said Friday he was disappointed that the United States described his country as a major human trafficking center, saying the charge was politically motivated. Representatives from the world's leading economies were to meet here Sunday to see if they can find common ground on climate change, as wide gaps divide the United States, China and other key nations. There are only two ways to look at the Kentucky Derby, May 4. Either you are a backer of Harlan's Holiday, who Saturday captured the $750,000 Blue Grass Stakes at Keeneland as the odds-on favorite, adding that to his success in the Florida Derby, or you think the 128th Crystal Palace striker Andrew Johnson has been ruled out of England's World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland, opening the door for Emile Heskey to force his way back into Sven-Goran Eriksson's World Cup plans. "Anchorwoman" was a reality series about a TV station in Tyler, Texas, that brought in Los Angeles model Lauren Jones to anchor the news, even though she had no journalism experience. The Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday traded struggling outfielder Emil Brown to the San Diego Padres for minor league pitcher Shawn Camp and outfielder Shawn Garrett. A survey released Thursday shows that U.S. mortgage rates moved higher as a result of fears of inflation sparked by last week's employment wage growth.
t8742 British retail group Marks and Spencer disclosed Tuesday plans to establish a representative office in China in an initial move to explore the huge market there. Socialist Segolene Royal, runner up to conservative Nicolas Sarkozy in French presidential elections last month, said Friday she will probably try again for the top job in 2012. Panionios Athens have appointed Swede Mikael Stahre as their coach for the upcoming season, the Greek first division side said Monday. John Sidgmore, vice chairman of WorldCom, the long distance and Internet communications giant patched together by Bernard J. Ebbers through more than 75 acquisitions, will replace Ebbers as president and chief executive. Britain's Prince Charles married Camilla Parker Bowles, the true love of his life, on Saturday in a private civil ceremony that inevitably paled against his storybook wedding to Princess Diana more than 20 years ago. That question is at the center of the controversy over Hasbro's recently updated The Game of Life: Twists &amp; Turns edition. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld is defending Pentagon spending plans that are under attack by conservatives who say the proposed budget is too small to fix a neglected military. South African Foreign Minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma is to head a government delegation for the Fourth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies to be held in Cotonou, Benin early December.
t3944 Turkish authorities tried to restore calm Tuesday among the country's long-oppressed Alawite Moslem minority after two days of sectarian clashes that left 16 people dead and 60 injured in Istanbul. China's state-owned shipper Cosco Holdings Co. Ltd. said Friday it plans to raise up to 15.13 billion Chinese yuan, or US$2 billion (euro1.5 billion), in a stock sale on the Shanghai exchange. Buddhist monks rushed to cremate hundreds of China quake victims over sanitation fears Saturday as hopes dimmed of finding further survivors, with the death toll rising to more than 1,300. Deer, bobcats, snakes and other Southland wildlife have started coming down from the hills in search of water after the driest winter on record, animal experts said. Kyrgyzstan's top election official said Tuesday a parliamentary election that has sparked unrest in the nation's volatile south was valid. We've seen enough movies about the horror of being young and dorky -- and Lord knows how many of us have suffered through that larva stage. So why live through it again? Much has changed in the 10 years since abortion opponents put this heartland city in the middle with 45 days of protests and thousands of arrests. Direct election of the villagers' committee, a democratic model featuring villagers directly electing members of the self-governing organization, was discussed here during a law symposium Wednesday.
t2028 The Grand Mufti of Egypt, Sheikh Mohammed Sayed Tantawi, said Thursday he was willing to hold talks with Moslem militants who have waged a three-year armed campaign against the government. Police are questioning three suspects in connection with an explosion in the Kenyan capital's packed business district that killed one man and injured 37 people, the police spokesman said Tuesday. The OPEC oil producers' cartel held steady on Wednesday its forecast for modest growth in world oil demand this year, noting uncertainty about the pace of global economic recovery. More bidders emerged Thursday for Global Crossing, the once-highflying telecommunications company that has sought bankruptcy protection, and its prized Asian unit. The European Union's top official in charge of its enlargement Friday warned Bulgaria and Romania that their hopes of joining the bloc in 2007 could be delayed if they do not fulfil accession commitments. Huge, expensive and dogged by controversy, the new U.S. Embassy compound nearing completion here epitomizes to many Iraqis the worst of the U.S. tenure in Iraq. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan was awarded the 2001 Philadelphia Liberty Medal on the Fourth of July for his moral leadership and commitment to creating ``a better, more compassionate world.'' Singapore and Indonesia on Monday began their annual bilateral military exercise in Yogyakarta, Central Java, the two countries defense ministries announced Monday in a joint news release here.
t3980 The dollar dipped Tuesday early afternoon on the London forex market shortly after an announcement in Washington of a surprise drop of 0.5 percent in US retail sales last month from January. China is urging Hong Kong to resume the sale of three brands of Chinese toothpaste containing a chemical found in antifreeze, saying the small amounts involved were harmless to people. Pakistan's army chief of staff, General Ashfaq Kayani, on Saturday offered his apologies to a local tribe over the deaths of civilians during military action in Khyber last week. Los Angeles Galaxy starting forward Chris Albright thought he had bruised his foot in Saturday's 2-1 overtime victory over Chicago, but the pain worsened during a light jog Wednesday. X-rays on Thursday revealed that he had fractured his right foot and will have surgery today. He is expected to EU leaders were set to endorse on Tuesday a revision of their fiscal rule book, the 1997 Stability and Growth Pact, hammered out at the weekend by EU finance ministers. Problems continued Friday for Skype, an Internet-based phone company, as it tried to patch up a software glitch that left many of its 220 million customers disconnected. The reattached arm of an 8-year-old boy attacked by a shark is healing well, but he may have brain damage and suffered harm to virtually every organ in his body, a doctor said Monday. A total of 25 members of the Communist Party of China (CPC), including eight officials at the provincial department level, have been expelled from the CPC and discharged from public employment for what they did in the Xiamen smuggling case.
t137 China's birthrate last year was 17.7 persons per thousand, the lowest since the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949, the State Statistics Bureau reported Friday. Alfonso Soriano hit three home runs in the first four innings to spark the Chicago Cub's 9-1 thrashing of the Atlanta Braves on Friday. Somali pirates on Sunday captured the Rak Afrikana cargo ship in the Indian Ocean to the west of the Seychelles, the European Union naval force patrolling the area said. In the aftermath of the World Trade Center collapse, tens of thousands of Manhattan residents suffered emotional difficulties severe enough to warrant psychiatric treatment, according to a report in the new issue of The New England Journal of Medicine, out on Thursday. The National Football League is working on staging its first regular-season game outside the United States in Mexico City on October 2. A divided Supreme Court Thursday restricted the ability of public school districts to use race to determine which schools students can attend, a decision that could sharply limit integration programs across the nation. Secretary of State Colin Powell voiced doubt Friday that a U.S.-British plan to overhaul sanctions imposed on Iraq would be approved soon by the U.N. Security Council. Shenzhen B-share index gained 3. 66 points or 3.47 percent to close at 108.96 points on Friday, which was almost the highest close level of three weeks.
t6270 The White House said Monday that while British Prime Minister John Major would pay a working visit to Washington in April, President Bill Clinton would not be in London for VE-Day festivities. Youths rampaged through Pakistan's biggest city overnight, torching a police booth and erecting blazing barricades to protest 10-hour power cuts in a fresh headache for the government of President Gen. Pervez Musharraf. Australia's world champion Cadel Evans won the Fleche Wallonne one-day classic here on Wednesday ahead of Spanish duo Joaquin Rodriguez and Alberto Contador. You'll know that Bill Belichick is setting you up for a joke if you ever hear him say, ``Why can't I find any tight ends in this place?'' Fingerprints belonging to both Michael Jackson and his teenage molestation accuser were found on a raunchy magazine seized from the star's bedroom, trial jurors heard Friday. Peter Krause doesn't talk a lot about "Six Feet Under" anymore. Heading into the fall TV season as the star of ABC's new soapy drama "Dirty Sexy Money," Krause is pretty much finished with his character from that show, Nate Fisher. Computer chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. barely beat Wall Street's dramatically lowered expectations for its second-quarter earnings and gave a grim outlook for the current quarter. A Palestinian minister said on Sunday that the shooting incident in the Jewish settlement of Kfar Darom on Saturday was an individual act and had nothing to do with the Palestinian National Authority (PNA).
t3444 The Taiwan authorities believe China's paramount leader Deng Xiaoping is in critical condition and have formed a special team to deal with the crisis after his death, parliament was told Monday. Kenya's finance minister on Thursday said the government will hire 25,000 police officers in the next 12 months to better combat crime, one of the biggest challenges of President Kibaki's administration as he readies for elections later this year. A man, his wife and their four children were killed when floodwaters caused by heavy rains swept their car away in southwestern Saudi Arabia, daily newspaper Al-Watan reported on Friday. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Zambian magistrates went on strike on Monday to press for better wages and housing benefits, crippling the judiciary in the southern African country, a spokesman said. Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf made an unusually frank acknowledgment Sunday that Islamic militants are operating in tribal areas on his nation's side of the border with Afghanistan and providing support to insurgents fighting U.S. and NATO troops. Danielle Fotopoulos scored on a header in the fourth minute as the Carolina Courage beat the Philadelphia Charge 2-0 Saturday night to end a five-game winless streak. Chinese Defense Minister Chi Haotian met Monday with delegations from Ukraine and Russia, and military delegations from Kenya, Malaysia, Zambia and Venezuela, which are here for the Third China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition.
t1242 Chris Dickson sailed the TAG Heuer Challenge's NZL 39 into second place past idle oneAustralia in the challenger trials, beating Sydney 95 by 5:50. Seam bowler Matthew Hoggard has returned to the England squad for its final test against West Indies in Durham starting Friday, after recovering from a groin injury. Pakistan's Twenty20 captain Shahid Afridi has lodged an appeal against a heavy fine imposed by the country's cricket authorities, an official said Tuesday. General manager John Hart should have done more in the off-season to improve the Rangers' offense. After all, Hank Blalock can't carry this team all year. Indonesian prosecutors called Thursday for prison terms for a Malaysian and two Indonesians for their alleged roles in a suicide bomb attack on a US-franchised hotel in Jakarta. North Korea told U.S. officials Saturday it had shut down its nuclear reactor, a major move by the nation's reclusive and unpredictable leaders toward scaling back their controversial nuclear program. Gov. Bob Holden on Monday signed into law a bill that made Missouri the 16th state to ban the execution of mentally retarded inmates. The draft resolution called upon all parties to armed conflicts to respect fully international law applicable to the rights and protection of women and girls as civilians, in particular the Geneva Convention of 1949 and the obligations applicable to them under the additional protocol of 1977, the U.N. Convention
t4647 Paris St Germain fought back from a goal down to beat Barcelona 2-1 here on Wednesday night, and book their place in the European Champions Cup semi-finals. U.S. nuclear envoy Christopher Hill said North Korean funds, which have held up a nuclear disarmament pact, were in Russia on Saturday -- but technical problems were delaying the final transfer to the North's accounts there. A New York man arrested in early 2007 was sentenced Monday to more than 10 years in prison for attempting to finance terrorist activities and commit massive investment fraud, prosecutors said. Microsoft's Xbox continues its race to catch up with industry leader PlayStation 2. It can't yet compete when it comes to variety of games, but these three new titles might help satisfy Xbox owners' cravings for more. The chairman of the European security body OSCE, Slovenian Foreign Minister Dimitrij Rupel, offered help Wednesday to ease the political tensions gripping the country after a disptued election. More than a dozen state lawmakers, including top legislative leaders, have paid $1.12 million in campaign cash -- raised from special interests -- to spouses, sons, daughters and companies that employed them during the last seven years, records show. Democrats and Republicans blocked each other's efforts Tuesday to protect the Social Security and Medicare trust funds as the Senate neared approval of a bill providing $6.5 billion this year for defense and other programs. Indonesia's Attorney General Marzuki Darusman praised the decision by the Jakarta High Court to reopen the corruption trial of former President Soeharto, saying the former autocrat could be tried in absentia.
t5596 Western Province, inspired by winger Chester Williams, opened Pool A of the Super 10 rugby union tournament by beating Transvaal 15-13 at Newlands here Saturday. Japan has included Europe-based stars Naohiro Takahara and Shunsuke Nakamura among a 30-man squad shortlisted to chase a third consecutive Asian Cup title. Flights resumed in Scotland and Northern Ireland on Tuesday, but a ban remained in place over the rest of Britain at least until early Wednesday, aviation authorities said. Sen. Carl Levin on Thursday implored his fellow lawmakers to crack down on stock options, the ``stealth compensation'' that contributed to the financial disaster at Enron Corp. Three bodies have been recovered and about 20 other people were feared to have drowned after a boat capsized in the central Pakistan province of Punjab Thursday, state media reported. Fly overhead in a bush plane -- there are no roads between native villages -- and marvel: Eight giant rivers braid across hundreds of miles of wetlands, carving cobalt ribbons through snow-coned mountains before emptying into Bristol Bay. Dozens of people were treated and released from hospitals Thursday, one day after they were exposed to a toxic gas when the valve was blown off a chemical plant tank. Russia has urged the United States to stop testing the medium-range ballistic missile "Hera" and destroy its stocks, the Interfax news agency cited well- informed sources in Moscow as saying Wednesday.
t6977 Chechen independence fighters were on the run Wednesday as Russian forces used their full firepower to cut off two key rebel-held towns. Houston Rockets center Dikembe Mutombo will receive another honor for his community service work this week when he is inducted into the World Sports Humanitarian Hall of Fame. British regulators said on Thursday they were investigating whether Cathay Pacific Airways and Virgin Atlantic had infringed pricing law over the lucrative London to Hong Kong route. So, just where is New Jersey's newest instant multimillionaire and the $58.9 million winning ticket from April 16's Big Game lottery? Speculation abounds. A high-speed ferry collided with a cargo barge in Hong Kong's busy harbour Monday injuring 15 people as thick fog reduced visibility to just 100 metres (328 feet), officials said. This was no bleeding-heart liberal championing the rights of illegal immigrants, but the Republican mayor of New York, Rudolph Giuliani. Abortion opponents marched at five Wichita churches Sunday, confronting worshippers with large signs showing aborted fetuses and spreading their message with bullhorns. The Shenzhen B-share Index gained 0.76 points or 0.62 percent to close at 123.36 points Wednesday, slightly coming off its intraday peak of 123.36.
t8438 UN disarmament chief Rolf Ekeus announced here Monday that he had failed to fill in the gaps on Iraq's germ warfare programme at the end of a four-day mission. The father of a Mongolian woman slain in Malaysia broke down and wept in court when shown his daughter's photograph Friday, while testifying in a closely watched trial involving a prominent political analyst. Raising money for global aid and giving emerging countries more say in how it is distributed are core World Bank issues to be mulled Sunday at a meeting in Washington. A five-year struggle in Congress to rewrite the nation's bankruptcy laws by making it harder for people to escape their debts has come down to an issue far more contentious than bankruptcy policy: abortion rights. A UN expert called on the world body's Human Rights Commission Friday to appoint a permanent monitor to ensure that counter-terrorism measures do not result in abuse or harm civil liberties. Human Rights First, a New York-based nonprofit, has nominated five television series -- "Lost," "The Closer," "Boston Legal," "Criminal Minds" and "The Shield" -- for excellence in realistically portraying torture or interrogation. Supporters of research using embryonic stem cells are pointing to two new endorsements as they urge President Bush to allow federal funds for the work. A Florida judge on Tuesday decided to set a hearing on Saturday for the contest case brought by U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore challenging the state government's certification of election results.
t139 Nick Leeson, the British trader said to have triggered the collapse of his merchant bank with multi-million dollar losses, was to appear before a German magistrate Friday to determine whether he is to be formally arrested and charged. The Hawaiian canoe Hokulea sailed into the Japanese port of Yokohama on Saturday, completing a five-month journey of more than 13,600 kilometers (8,500 miles) across the Pacific. Kyrgyzstan's interim government could use force against ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev if he tries to destabilise the country, interim official Omurbek Tekebayev said Sunday on Kyrgyz radio. Jets' quarterback Vinny Testaverde had a small, benign bone tumor removed from a toe on his right foot Tuesday, team officials said on Wednesday. The Jets expect him to be ready when training camp begins on July 27. China should step up efforts to persuade North Korea to return to negotiations on its nuclear weapons program, the US envoy to the stalled six-party talks said Tuesday. The Supreme Court's decision overturning school desegregation policies in two U.S. cities Thursday culminates a fractious term in which the new Roberts court moved the law significantly to the right, legal analysts said. Technology stocks advanced again Friday, positioning the Nasdaq composite index for a five-session winning streak, as the market again celebrated from Microsoft's appeals court win in its antitrust fight with the government. Today, boosted by the two percent rise of the stock indexes on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock markets, the securities investment fund market went upwards after yesterday's correction.
t5609 Irish pals Darren Clarke and Paul McGinley picked up the pieces after Miguel Angel Jimenez's horror show here on Saturday to share the lead at the Portuguese Open. With David Beckham ready to embark on his next challenge in the United States, Real Madrid marked the end of the "galactico" era the same way it started -- with a Spanish league title. A 27-year-old Apple software engineer has been outed as the unfortunate employee of the notoriously secretive company who left behind an iPhone prototype in a California beer garden. The former king of Afghanistan, 87 and frail, returned Thursday to his native land after 29 years in forced exile. The US ambassador to Kyrgyzstan called on the world community Thursday to help stabilize the Central Asian state on the verge of political collapse after days of fierce anti-government protests. The president is a lonely man. Once, he was surrounded by admirers and acolytes. There was Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld and Colin Powell and Alberto Gonzales and Condi Rice and Karl Rove -- many of them better known inside the White House by the affectionate but often unprintable Smiling through questions about executions and human rights, Beijing officials made a polished pitch Thursday for the 2008 Olympics, avoiding any last-minute blunders that could derail their candidacy. BERLIN, November 15 (Xinhua) -- The following are the main reference exchange rates of the European Central Bank on Wednesday.
t8006 Dharma Gunawi and George Rimarohdi meet in an all-Indonesian men's singles semi-final in the French Open badminton championships after winning quarter-final matches on Saturday. The House of Representatives aims to slash energy consumption by 50 percent in 10 years under a "Green the Capitol" building initiative released Thursday by U.S. congressional leaders. The World Bank said Saturday it has launched the Haiti Reconstruction Fund to help rebuild the quake-ravaged country and will contribute additional funding of 189 million dollars. Missouri health officials have just made it easier for consumers to shop for hospitals that do the most high-risk surgeries _ and offer the best chance for a good outcome. Over 70 followers of a slain rebel preacher were killed and the army suffered dozens of casualties in two days of clashes in northwest Yemen that ended with the army taking control of rebel positions, tribal sources said Friday. Academy Award-winning director Ang Lee has made a movie about illusions. About what's real and what's imagined. About the stories we tell ourselves and the power they have over us. About patriotism, politics, love and betrayal. Three men accused of trying to smuggle illegal immigrants to the Virgin Islands were charged Tuesday with the deaths six who drowned when their boat capsized. An Iranian lawmaker on Monday expressed confidence that President Mohammad Khatami will win the next presidential election if he runs for a second term in May 2001.
t8109 Two second-half goals lifted Uruguay into a 2-2 draw against the United States here Saturday in a friendly international football match cut short by a storm. More than three-quarters of the senior al-Qaida leaders holed up in Baqouba escaped as American soldiers launched an offensive earlier this week, the U.S. ground forces commander said on Thursday. Shimizu S-Pulse went top of the J-League on Saturday with a lucky late win as front-runners Urawa Red Diamonds crashed to a 1-0 defeat to Jubilo Iwata. Andy Roddick likely will never leave his Florida home, but he might consider building a vacation home on the grounds of Westside Tennis Club. Pakistan vice-captain Younis Khan believes his team will bounce back in the one-day series against India as they did in the Test series once they get into the swing of things. On a dusty street in south Kabul that still bears the scars of three decades of fighting, a 12-year-old boy is living the next chapter of "The Kite Runner," the best-selling book about friendship, betrayal and redemption in war-ravaged Afghanistan. A U.S. F-16 fighter jet crashed in southeastern Turkey Wednesday as it was heading toward northern Iraq to patrol a no-fly zone, the U.S. military said. The pilot was rescued. China's gross domestic products (GDP) is expected to reach 8,900 billion yuan (1,078 billion US dollars) this year, and for the first time surpass 1, 000 billion US dollars, according to a report issued by the State Information Center recently.
t3218 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher Sunday spoke of new hope for a breakthough in the deadlocked Israeli-Syrian track of the peace process on the eve of talks in Damascus. A handful of Sunni mosques were attacked or burned Thursday, but curfews and increased troop levels kept Iraq in relative calm a day after suspected al-Qaida bombers toppled the towering minarets of a prized Shiite shrine. US stocks fell Friday on renewed fears over Greece's debt crisis and concerns that China's rapidly growing economy is overheating. This has been a strange Triple Crown season, so it figures that the 78th running of the Grade I, $750,000 Wood Memorial is perhaps the strangest prep race of the spring. It features an all-star jockey lineup, a ``who's who'' of trainers and a field of as many as US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice warned North Korea it would face "problems" with the rest of the world if it fails to return to six-party talks, with Washington considering "other options". The 1920 silent ``The Mark of Zorro'' introduced both a mysterious and heroic figure and Hollywood's first great swordsman, Douglas Fairbanks Sr. He was the first actor to seek out a fencing master, a move that brought verite and gravitas to such Fairbanks-starring '20s swashbucklers as ``The Three Musketeers,'' Heavy winds sent a huge tree crashing down on spectators at a Yiddish music concert, killing 10 people and injuring 85 others, 18 of them seriously. South America will produce a total of 3.5 million automobiles by the year 2005, a figure 84.2 percent above the 1999 level, said the German consulting firm Roland Berger &amp; Partners (RBP) in a forecast report released Friday.
t3722 An angry gunman opened fire on a bus carrying Japanese tourists in Cairo on Monday wounding the driver, one of the passengers told AFP. The Bush administration still opposes a bill to shield reporters from federal efforts to force them to reveal their sources despite sponsors' revisions, a Justice Department official said Thursday. Prince Charles and Foreign Secretary David Miliband will not be able to represent Britain at the funeral of Polish president Lech Kaczynski due to the volcanic ash cloud, they said Saturday. As Secretary of State Colin Powell headed here Thursday for talks in hopes of securing a truce, Israel said it had pulled out of nearly two dozen West Bank towns and villages but had moved into other Palestinian areas. The United States on Monday rejected any plans to set up a specialized agency within the United Nations to tackle the prickly issue of international migration. As the war in Iraq drags on, some folks talk about wishing everyone knew in 2003 what we know now. Turns out, we did. Cliff Floyd and Mike Cameron joined the All-Star party Sunday, adding even more spice to a game with a distinctly Seattle flavor. China's impending entry into the World Trade Organization (WTO) will provide a historic opportunity for the country to adjust its economic structure and facilitate the building of a more enviornment-friendly economy, said a senior legislator Tuesday in Xiamen, a scenic coastal city in southeast China's Fujian Province.
t3572 The Netherlands on Monday officially opened a representation office in the self-rule enclave of Jericho on the occupied West Bank, diplomats said. Thousands of acres (hectares) of farmland in the southeastern tip of South Dakota could become home to the first new oil refinery in the United States since 1976. The master of a Panama-flagged bulk carrier and two sailors were fined 65,400 US dollars each Friday after straying too close to the Great Barrier Reef just days after another ship ran aground. University of Massachusetts president William M. Bulger appointed John V. Lombardi Wednesday as chancellor of the state's flagship campus at Amherst, giving him a broad mandate to shape the school into a nationally competitive research university. Indonesia is moving ahead with plans for a civilian nuclear power program, Jakarta's ambassador to the UN atomic agency Thomas Aquino Sriwidjaja said in Paris on Monday. Nasdaq is set to launch Wednesday what its executives are calling one of the most significant developments on Wall Street in decades -- a private stock market for super-wealthy investors. Venus Williams won the Wimbledon women's singles title for the second straight year Sunday, surging through the last set to defeat Belgium's Justine Henin 6-1, 3-6, 6-0. Xinhua is releasing some dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major Chinese regions in the first three quarters of this year.
t497 The UN envoy to Rwanda Shahryar Khan said Saturday that conditions in prisons in the central African country were so bad that inmates were living under a virtual "death sentence". Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt took his eight-year legacy of liberal-socialist coalition government to voters on Sunday, hoping that damning poll predictions will prove wildly incorrect. Kazakhstan's authoritarian president Nursultan Nazarbayev touted himself as poster boy of a Washington summit on nuclear disarmament Monday -- and President Barack Obama, badly needing allies in Central Asia, was his main fan. Benjamin Franklin wasn't born in Philadelphia, but it is hard to go very far in the heart of this city without encountering his ubiquitous spirit in mortar, monument and, most important, in a legacy of scientific invention and civic innovation that amounts to a one-man Freedom Trail of democratic Pope John Paul II blessed pilgrims Wednesday from his apartment window overlooking St Peter's Square, in his first public appearance since his discharge from hospital. The liberal daily Hammihan, reopened recently after a seven-year absence, was shut down again Tuesday after Iran's hard-line judiciary said the paper's director had failed to sign documents in a court proceeding. Venus Williams and Lindsay Davenport have won the last two Wimbledon championships and are heading toward a semifinal showdown this year. The economy of Bangladesh grew in 1999 at a healthy rate of 5.2 percent, same with the average gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in South Asia, according to the World Bank Annual Report 2000 here Sunday.
t6878 The British army on Wednesday released a Cypriot potato farmer jailed two weeks ago for planting crops on a firing range at a sovereign base in Cyprus. A judge has ruled that a wrongful death lawsuit claiming that CNN's Nancy Grace pushed the mother of a missing toddler to suicide through aggressive questioning on her cable television legal affairs show will be tried in federal court. Turkey has initiated procedures to release financial aid for Kyrgyzstan after bloody political upheaval shook the impoverished Central Asian country, the foreign ministry said Thursday. The investigation into the conduct of stock analysts spread Tuesday as federal and state regulators joined the New York attorney general, Eliot L. Spitzer, in pressing to eliminate conflicts of interest on Wall Street. Thousands of policemen deployed in downtown Cairo Sunday successfully thwarted a pro-reform political rally called by Egypt's banned but influential Muslim Brotherhood. In Quentin Aanenson's vivid retelling, the war was never glorious. It was ghastly. Death was the prefix and suffix of almost every moment of his 10 months as a U.S. fighter pilot during World War II. Men died around him in fires and accidents, from explosions and gunfire. Mourners attended a politician's funeral and a policeman's wake on Sunday as Spaniards condemned two killings blamed on the Basque separatist group ETA. A powerful car bomb exploded Wednesday evening near a local bus at a bus stop in Israel's northern city of Hadera, killing four people.
t1689 Vanuatu's Supreme Court has ordered 1.15 million US dollars of laundered drug money to be confiscated by the government, Chief Justice Charles Vaudin d'Imecourt said Wednesday. Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki says Iran will make the United States "regret" its January detention of five Iranians in Iraq. A top suspect in a 2007 mafia massacre in Germany went on trial in southern Italy on Wednesday as relatives of the six slain in the shootout tearfully demanded justice. Rachida Brakni had to scramble on the evening of March 3, when she learned she had won a Cesar for her role as a prostitute in Coline Serreau's new film, ``Chaos.'' The televised awards ceremony for the French equivalent of the Oscars was already under way, but she was Canada's government faced demands for justice Thursday, as fallout multiplied from the acquittal the day before of two Sikhs on charges of killing 329 people in a 1985 Air India jet bombing. The wedding procession making its way through a suburban parking lot recently could have been transported from some ancient Hindu kingdom. Brazil's Agriculture Ministry denied reports Tuesday it had suspended beef imports from the United States and Canada over fears the meat was infected with mad cow disease. After making history by live webcasting the Paralympic Games for the first time, the WeMedia company went further by gaining the rights of worldwide television broadcast and Internet broadcast rights of the Games through 2006.
t4606 All the models were shod in an ankle-length black patent version of the cowboy boot and wore skin-colour sheer tights. The sight of those winter-pale legs were unlikely to convert fashion editors from their addiction to opaque black tights, the quickest way of spotting the breed in the vicinity The U.S. government says it is tightening controls on exports to China of a range of high-tech products that could be used by China's military. China's President Hu Jintao was flying to the remote northwest region hit by a strong earthquake to guide rescue efforts as the death toll rises to more than 1,400, state-run media reported Sunday. SAN DIEGO - The Los Angeles Dodgers won't know the extent of Kevin Brown's right-elbow injury until he undergoes an extensive examination, including an MRI, today in Los Angeles. Kyrgyzstan's Prime Minister Nikolai Tanayev was reported Wednesday to have left for the southern city of Osh to hold talks with demonstrators who have taken over government buildings there in protest of a disputed parliamentary poll. Chari Shanker, who was the production director of the Los Angeles Opera and more recently of Opera Pacific in Orange County, has died. She was 55. a minuscule 0.2 percent of the total _ are responsible for much of the carnage inflicted by gunfire, some 1,500 deaths a day worldwide, the authors said. China's experiences in the economic reforms suggests a smooth transformation process in adapting a nation's economic system into the global mainstream, said V.F. Shkuro, charge d'affairs ad interim of Ukraine to China.
t39 Australia's net foreign debt edged up to 162.300 billion Australian dollars (119 billion US) in the three months to December from 162.241 billion dollars in the September quarter, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said Friday. Justin Wilson took the provisional pole for the Grand Prix of Portland, turning a fast lap of 58 seconds flat Friday at Portland International Raceway. Dundee United booked their place in the Scottish Cup final by beating Raith Rovers 2-0 in Sunday's semi-final at Hampden Park. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of WEDNESDAY, MARCH 27, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Increasingly concerned about the result of a May referendum on the European constitution, President Jacques Chirac on Tuesday restated French objections to a controversial draft EU directive which would open up a cross-border market in services in the 25 member states. From the Lincoln Memorial, looking north, you survey some of the most hallowed ground in the nation's capital. Beyond the calm, grassy acres of low-lying ground between the memorial and Constitution Avenue is a hilltop acropolis of old buildings, including one of the city's most distinguished and little-visited historical Six-time All-Star Jeremy Roenick reached a five-year, $37.5 million agreement with the Philadelphia Flyers days before he was to become an unrestricted free agent. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said a short while ago Friday night that Israel will decide if it will suspend the peace process with the Palestinians after the Arab League summit this weekend.
t1235 A young German violinist plans to sue the London Philharmonic Orchestra after its conductor, her nephew by adoption, cancelled her London debut on the grounds she was "not ready," the Daily Telegraph reported Tuesday. Albanian opposition parties threatened to boycott the first round of presidential elections next week because the governing party choose its own candidate without consulting the opposition, officials said Monday. India's Maoist rebels top the list of the worst human rights offenders among the myriad of insurgent groups in the country, a study on torture in the world's largest democracy said Tuesday. If you can afford club seats at Astros Field this season, you will be able to dine on pheasant quesadillas and wild-boar tamales, with a side salad of field greens in a three-pepper balsamic vinegar dressing, served in a hollowed-out multi-grain dinner roll. A Spanish businessman of Iraqi origin who was held hostage for several weeks in Iraq has been freed and brought back to Spain, the foreign ministry here announced Thursday. Farmers here call these sandblasted acacia orchards the ``gardens of our grandfathers,'' and for centuries the sticky amber sap flowing from them helped to bind civilization. Seattle outfielder Ichiro Suzuki became the first rookie to draw the most votes and was among four Mariners elected by fans Monday to start next week's All-Star game at Safeco Field. Veteran Richard Krajicek of the Netherlands eliminated fifth-seeded Juan Carlos Ferreros of Spain 6-4, 6-3 in the opening round of the Swiss indoors tennis championships in Basle, Switzerland on Tuesday.
t9029 UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali favors an indefinite and unconditional extension of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), his spokesman said Tuesday. President Hugo Chavez said Friday he is considering arms purchases, including submarines and a missile-equipped air defense system, as he prepares for a tour of Russia, Belarus and Iran. Twin bomb blasts killed two people on Monday in an attack targeting police in the southern city of Kandahar, which is increasingly the focus of the Taliban's fight against Kabul. A study that was initiated after thousands of broodmares aborted mysteriously last year has shown a higher level of abortions by broodmares exposed to Eastern tent caterpillars and the caterpillars' waste. Sri Lanka hold a psychological edge going into the second cricket Test against New Zealand here Monday with their top order batsmen presenting a more solid unit in the first Test while the Black Caps struggled with the unorthodox bowling of Lasith Malinga. Like other Iraqis who have done the same, he learned a harsh truth: The center in Baghdad's Green Zone handles cases of Iraqis claiming death or damages due to military action, but not due to actions of private contractors such as Blackwater, who work in Iraq for the U.S. A freight train burned and leaked hazardous chemicals in a tunnel near Camden Yards stadium for a second day Thursday, a day after it derailed and virtually shut down the city. The following are exchange rates against the Pakistani rupee issued by the Treasury Management Division of the National Bank of Pakistan on Saturday:
t5547 Only a handful of doctors and journalists joined Gheorgita Preda in singing "Happy Birthday" when her daughter Sorina blew out the six candles on her cake. The European Union said Monday it will resume direct aid to the new Palestinian government of Prime Minister Salam Fayyad and it urged Israel to restore the transfer of tax revenue to his West Bank administration. The economic crisis could be entering a "new phase" with rising public debt threatening to undermine the stability of the global financial system, the International Monetary Fund warned Tuesday. Stepping up his attacks on Gov. George Pataki, Democratic gubernatorial candidate Andrew Cuomo accused the governor of holding the ``leader's coat'' for letting himself be overshadowed by New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani after the Sept. 11 attacks on Manhattan. Albanian Prime Minister Fatos Nano said Thursday his tiny Balkan country deserves to be offered NATO membership at the military alliance's next summit. For days, opposition leaders along with other exiled Somalis have been pouring into Asmara from across the world for what is being billed as a rival reconciliation conference to a long-awaited one in Mogadishu, the Somalian capital, that began in July and ended last week. That event excluded most The historic Reading Terminal Market is not particularly pretty. Finding a parking space there is tough. And the place closes long before most supermarkets. Hughes made the remarks shortly after Florida's Secretary of State Katherine Harris announced that Republican Bush held a 300- vote lead over Democrat Al Gore based on returns submitted by all 67 counties in the recount of the state.
t4939 A choir of orphans sang as some 10,000 people gathered here Thursday to mark the anniversary of the deadly gas attack by President Saddam Hussein's air force which killed 5,000 Kurds seven years ago. Robert Zoellick, the unopposed candidate to head the World Bank following Paul Wolfowitz's resignation, said Saturday the financial institution will not loose influence if leftist Venezuela pulls out. Fiorentina forward Adrian Mutu was on Monday banned for nine months by the Italian Olympic Committee's (Coni) anti-doping tribunal for failing two drug tests. A bill that would discourage the use of stock options as compensation has generated a fierce battle between executives who see a serious threat to their bottom lines and senators determined to end what they call an Enron-era abuse. A former French junior minister said here Wednesday he was abandoning his plan to run in next month's presidential elections in Togo, saying he would back the main opposition candidate. Why don't we just vote for president tomorrow and be done with it? That would be the logical extension of the states' battle to get to, or at least near, the presidential primary starting line. California and 14 other states that wanted to weigh in early enough to make Villagers on the Sahara's edge are battling a dam they say threatens the city of Djenne _ a millennia-old stop on the ancient gold and salt routes that is home to a grand adobe mosque considered an architectural masterpiece. Police in southwest China's border city of Lincang yesterday seized 66,200 grams of the drug called "ice," a police source said today.
t2999 President Nelson Mandela called Saturday for more aid to South Africa so that his country might continue to be an inspiration to developing nations. The House of Representatives voted to correct flaws in the national gun background check system that allowed a student who killed 32 others to buy guns despite his diagnosed mental health problems. Inter Milan host Juventus in a vital Serie A clash on Friday with both sides desperate for three points for very different reasons. At the annual fund-raising dinner for United Cerebral Palsy of New York City, praise is usually the order of the day. But at this year's dinner, on Monday, employees will be picketing outside, complaining rather than congratulating. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir said Sunday that he expected the completion of a new hydroelectric dam in the northern town of Merowe to help in the fight against poverty across the country. The Bush administration plans to leave oversight of its expanded foreign eavesdropping program to the same government officials who supervise the surveillance activities, and to the intelligence personnel who carry them out, senior government officials said Monday. USA.net officials plan to begin charging for Internet e-mail service because advertising revenue isn't covering operational costs, a spokeswoman says. The Shenzhen B-share index rallied 1.88 points or 1.60 percent to close at 119.70 points Friday, which is the highest level since September 7 this year.
t6526 Palestinian police have banned a planned human rights workshop in Gaza City on Tuesday, the Gaza Centre for Rights and Law said. The space shuttle Atlantis undocked from the international space station Tuesday for its trip back to Earth, concluding a nearly 10-day stay that included construction work and a computer meltdown. On a stunning night in which Inter Milan battled back to beat European champions Barcelona 3-1 in the Champions League semi-finals, there was one sour note for the Italian side. As a kid, Tobey Maguire didn't paint his face blue-and-red and run around the yard pretending to be Spider-Man. He didn't care much for superheroes, in fact, and he never read comic books. Coastal Sharks of South Africa beat ACT Brumbies of Australia 36-24 Saturday in the biggest shock so far of the Super 12 season. Among the many things to wonder about when the final shofar blast is heard after sundown on Yom Kippur, "what's for dinner" is rarely a problem. Bohdan Ulihrach of the Czech Republic beat defending champion Magnus Norman 6-2, 4-6, 6-1 Saturday to reach the final of the clay-court Swedish Open. The Philippine Senate held an opening ceremony Monday afternoon to kick off its impeachment trial against President Joseph Estrada over an illegal gambling scandal.
t8183 Phnom Penh troops and Khmer Rouge guerrillas were engaged in a pitched battle early Sunday in western Cambodia as the government closed in on rebel bases, Thai border officials said. A man convicted of hijacking an armored van and killing one of its guards in 1997 was to be executed by lethal injection in South Carolina on Friday. An Israeli policeman shot and seriously wounded a tourist after he drew a knife on fellow officers and priests at Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre, a police spokesman said on Saturday. Leaders of the Hindu nationalist-led government have warned Western nations in recent days to stop lecturing India about the official failure to prevent Hindu mobs from killing hundreds of Muslims. But the issue refuses to die. The requiem mass for Pope John Paul II ended Friday at 12:30 pm (1030 GMT), drawing lengthy applause from the huge throng of mourners and state leaders massed on Saint Peter's Square. With polls showing broad support even among Republican voters to expand coverage to 4 million more children nationwide, congressional Democrats are rallying their allies publicly while speaking to their GOP colleagues privately. Supporters both on and off Capitol Hill are sinking millions of dollars into advertisements and automated "robo-calls" A police officer walking home after work was shot and wounded in a residential neighborhood, and two other officers and a suspect were wounded in a gunbattle. Undefeated Brazil edged Argentina 4-1 in a second round Group E match of the Indoor Soccer World Cup Tournament held in Guatemala City, Guatemala on Monday night.
t4421 Two people died and hundreds were evacuated Wednesday as gales whipped up the Caspian sea causing flooding over large areas of the Caucasus in southern Russia, Interfax news agency reported. The U.S.-based Committee to Protect Journalists called on Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki Friday to free 11 people detained by authorities for providing Al-Jazeera television with a videotape of an interview of a woman accusing three security officers of raping her. Britain's election race was thrown "wide open" on Sunday, as polls confirmed a stunning surge in support for the Liberal Democrats, normally the third-largest party, ahead of May 6 elections. Mavericks coach Don Nelson said whoever says he had planned or even hinted at sitting All-Star forward Dirk Nowitzki for the rest of the regular season hasn't been following his team closely. Jacques Chirac is eager to return to Japan after a five-year lapse, the French president said in an interview with the Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun published by his office late Tuesday. Do Republicans have a counting problem? At the rate he's going, Tom Cole, chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, might wind up a dollar short and a month late come Election Day. A London court on Tuesday approved a ``generous'' financial offer from Boris Becker to support the 16-month-old daughter he fathered with Russian model Angela Ermakova. Jia Chunwang, minister of public security, also made a speech at the televised conference. He said that with the deepening of China's reform drive, various problems at various levels will gradually emerge as a result of the further adjustment of relationships between different interest groups in Chinese society.
t1207 The dollar stabilized slightly but still ended the day lower against major currencies Monday after dipping to a post-World War II low of 92.45 yen to the dollar. Pakistan's top judge got a boost Monday, as the Supreme Court allowed him to contest his suspension by President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, an apparent setback for the government in a case that has fueled opposition to military rule. International ratings agency Moody's on Tuesday upgraded Lebanon's government bond ratings by one notch from to B1 from B2, citing the country's resilient banking system and an improved political climate An article on March 17 about a proposal for the Academy Awards to use a form of balloting known as approval voting misidentified a co-author of a 1983 book by that name. Steven J. Brams' co-author was Peter C. Fishburn, not Paul Hager. As they awaited key testimony from another alleged victim of Michael Jackson, prosecutors in his child sex case prepared Thursday to build on their depiction of the star as a porn addict. Amid a steep decline in revenue, the Los Angeles Times is planning to break with long-standing tradition by selling ads on its front page, Publisher David Hiller said Friday. The European Union's 20-member executive Commission plans to vote Tuesday on General Electric Co.'s $41 billion purchase of Honeywell International Inc., barring any last minute proposals or withdrawal of the merger, EU officials said Monday. Myanmar leader Lieutenant- General Khin Nyunt has stressed the importance of the forces of globalization, saying that if properly managed and harnessed, it could bring new opportunities for sustained economic growth and social development of nations.
t4024 The Paris Bourse surged on Tuesday, as the CAC 40 index stood at 1,759.46 points a little more than an hour before the close, up 2.19 percent on the day to that point. Leaders of Sri Lanka's four major religions came together Friday to call for the government to accept responsibility for a recent wave of human rights violations as violence between rebel and military forces has worsened. Zimbabweans celebrated when a bloody liberation war that killed 27,000 people ended, but as the country marks 30 years of independence there is little cause for joy. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Saturday, April 13 and Sunday, April 14, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. Arab leaders opened a two-day summit Tuesday in the Algerian capital to discuss a new version of a land-for-peace plan with Israel as well as speeding up lagging reforms in the region. Authorities bolstered the troop and police presence in the earthquake-shattered zone south of Peru's capital Saturday after a wave of looting targeted shops, relief vehicles and aid storage sites. Hundreds of hard-line activists clashed with protesters who gathered Monday to commemorate a 1999 police raid on a dormitory that triggered Iran's biggest unrest since the Islamic revolution. Chinese children will not have to go to Disneyland to experience the wonder of high-tech amusement facilities, as preparations for the construction of a high-tech theme park is now under way in central China's Hubei Province.
t5084 The Philippine government on Friday expressed regret over the hanging in Singapore of Filipina maid Flor Contemplacion, while human rights groups prepared to march on the presidential palace to protest the government's failure to save her. South Korea welcomed North Korea's invitation to U.N. nuclear inspectors, saying Sunday it is a first step toward its neighbor's eventual disarmament, but Seoul sounded cautious over Pyongyang's timetable for shutting its nuclear reactor. Finland's main airport in Helsinki will open temporarily at 3:00 pm (1200 GMT) on Monday as Finnish skies gradually clear of a giant cloud of volcanic ash, the Finavia aviation authority said. Inside the Church of the Nativity, rations are meager and a smell of rotting corpses and gangrenous wounds pervades. Israeli loudspeakers blare through sleepless nights, but some 250 Palestinians remain determined not to surrender. The US Social Security retirement system will exhaust its trust fund and will be forced to slash benefits in 2041, a year earlier than previously projected, the program's trustees said Wednesday. Richard Steve Goldberg, 61, was arrested in May on state charges that he had molested at least three girls younger than 10 in his n orth Long Beach area home. At the time of his arrest in Montreal, he also was charged with producing images of the sex acts, President Bush on Wednesday cast a patients' rights bill he backs as the choice of many doctors, though the American Medical Association supports a rival bill. South African President Thabo Mbeki will travel to Lusaka, Zambia on Wednesday to continue mediation aimed at ending the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
t4453 About 1,300 US soldiers arrived in Kuwait Wednesday to take part in a month-long joint land exercise, a US military official told AFP. Lee Phillip Bell, who co-created hit soap operas "The Young and the Restless" and "The Bold and the Beautiful" with her late husband, was to receive a Lifetime Achievement Award Friday night at the Daytime Emmy Awards. Air traffic remained seriously disrupted across Europe Sunday as a cloud of ash released from Iceland's volcanic eruption forced many countries to close their airspace. SAN JOSE, Calif. - The Western Conference's playoff matchups remain undecided, leaving the math geeks to calculate all the point totals and tiebreaker scenarios today. Hong Kong share prices opened 1.26 percent lower Wednesday hit by heavy losses on Wall Street overnight after the US Federal Reserve took a harder line on inflation, dealers said. Recent photographs purportedly showing Sudanese soldiers in the Darfur region moving containers from a Russian-made Antonov cargo plane onto military trucks reinforce suspicions that Sudan continues to violate a U.N.-imposed arms embargo, the London-based human rights group Amnesty International said. Six pharmacies will soon be able to ask customers wanting the powerful painkiller OxyContin and some other narcotic drugs to provide their fingerprints. Stock prices continued falling in Tokyo Friday on Wall Street declines and widening confusion over the U.S. presidential election, with the benchmark Nikkei index closing below the 15,000 level for the first time in five days.
t4099 The Football Association said later there would be no restrictions on the three arrested players continuing to play for their clubs and added it was up to the clubs to decide who played. Two trains collided head-on on the island of Sardinia early Friday, killing a British woman and two Italians, police said. Top seed Caroline Wozniacki advanced in straight sets and second seed Jelena Jankovic was upset in the quarter-finals of the WTA Family Circle Cup on Friday. The giant has stumbled. On April 8 IBM, the world's largest computer company, gave a warning of lower-than-expected revenues in the first three months of the year _ its first such warning in a decade. Spring officially started a day ahead of schedule in the northern hemisphere, with the equinox occurring on Sunday rather than Monday, the Paris observatory said. When the Class of 2011 heads off to college this fall, they'll leave behind millions of empty nesters who will be discovering the joys and challenges dining-a-deux after 18 years of family-sized meals. The bacteria that cause serious and sometimes fatal staph infections are able to swap genes with relatives in order to adapt to new environments and cause even greater medical mischief, a study shows. BERLIN, November 7 (Xinhua) -- 1860 Munich has signed Norwegian international Vidar Riseth on loan from Celtic Glasgow shortly after its advancing to the third round of the UEFA Cup, reports reaching here said on Tuesday.
t6672 Israel's deputy foreign minister Yossi Beilin said here Tuesday he expected an agreement by June on redeploying Israeli soldiers on the West Bank and holding Palestinian elections. Hours after undocking from the international space station Tuesday, Atlantis' seven astronauts began a final inspection of the space shuttle to make sure its heat shield was ready to re-enter Earth's atmosphere. Amazon posted better-than-expected first-quarter results Thursday but a cautious outlook helped send the share price of the US online retail giant lower in after-hours trading. The United States succeeded on Monday in ousting the director of the global agency charged with ridding the world of chemical weapons after an intense diplomatic campaign that made a number of countries uncomfortable. Indian batsman Venkatsai Laxman put on 50 in an unbroken last-wicket stand with Anil Kumble to frustrate Pakistan in the third and final Test here on Sunday. After more than eight years writing feature scripts that sold but were rarely produced, Matt Nix learned this summer that it's true what they say about Hollywood: It takes 10 years to be an overnight success. The Audit Bureau of Circulations gave final approval Saturday to a sweeping overhaul of magazine circulation rules, opening the way for publishers to try new marketing efforts as they confront a steady decline in circulation. Government ministers gathered in a closed-door informal talk Tuesday to focus on a new U.S. proposal on how to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
t5559 Around 1,200 workers from Kuwait's biggest oil company went on indefinite strike Saturday defying a ban on work stoppages in the Gulf emirate to press for better working conditions. FIFA president Sepp Blatter held talks Monday with 2010 World Cup organizers over South Africa's ability to host the tournament at the start of a two-day visit. Bradford's Madni mosque, in northern England, has beaten 50 others to win the title of "Europe's most beautiful minaret," the European parliament was told Tuesday. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Chess legend Bobby Fisher landed at Copenhagen airport on Thursday en route to his new home country Iceland in prison. Just days before the U.S. military commander in Iraq is expected to provide a more upbeat assessment to Congress, Gen. James L. Jones said the high-profile presence of U.S. troops has engendered animosity among Iraqis, even though the surge has brought some security gains. Documents from a federal probe into campaign activities coordinated by the Democratic National Committee and AFL-CIO will be released despite objections by the DNC and union. Serious errors have led to a five-day delay in China's census starting from November 1 and originally scheduled to end on November 10.
t360 A British TV star and his friend were acquitted of rape by a jury Friday at the end of a two-week trial which was given extensive media coverage. U.S. President Geroge W. Bush, denounced by tens of thousands of anti-American protesters on the streets of Rome, defended his humanitarian record on Saturday to Pope Benedict XVI, who expressed concern about "the worrisome situation in Iraq." Militia in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo kidnapped eight people working for the international Red Cross, including one Swiss national, an International Committee of the Red Cross official told AFP on Monday. A self-described victim of clergy sexual abuse was arrested by Chelsea police Thursday after attempting to confront the priest he has accused of molesting him, and leading police on a brief car case. National carrier Malaysia Airlines will launch more flights to China and India to enhance bilateral trade, a report said Wednesday. Congress thinks we're stupid. It wants us to believe we can solve a two-part problem by working only one part of the equation. It thinks we are too self-centered, too blind to accept the reality that we cannot continue having at yesterday's prices a diminishing, valuable commodity that increasingly TAORMINA, Sicily (AP)_ The show business world of Italy, where Jack Lemmon shot two films, paid glowing tribute to the Hollywood actor and rustled up a film-festival showing of his film ``Macaroni,'' a hit in the country of pasta. A man on trial for sexual assault pulled a gun in a northern California courthouse and shot at one of his accusers and her husband before killing himself Friday, police said.
t8084 Italy returned to the scene of their shock 2-1 defeat by Croatia six months ago and beat Estonia 4-1 in Saturday's Group Four European championship qualifier here. In a move symbolic of its takeover of the Gaza Strip, Hamas militiamen marched through the Preventive Security compound in Gaza City on Thursday, taking public control of a site that used to house the most feared Fatah-linked force. Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor and local rights groups strongly condemned on Saturday the damaging of a memorial monument to ethnic Serb civilians killed at the end of the 1991-1995 war. On Wednesday, at the National Magazine Awards, David Remnick, the editor of The New Yorker, will almost certainly take several laps up to the podium. By the time the lunch draws to a close, Remnick could have a herd of ``Ellies,'' the oddly abstract elephants that represent the awards, The requiem mass for Pope John Paul II began Friday in a windswept Saint Peter's Square in the Vatican in front of leaders from more than 100 nations and hundreds of thousands of mourners. Having muscled his way through months of attempts by foes to drive him from office, Musharraf stands to be re-elected Saturday by lawmakers -- while still wearing the military uniform that has been a symbol of his near-absolute authority. Extra Israeli soldiers, tanks and military vehicles took up new positions Wednesday in the West Bank, searching cars and beefing up their presence around Palestinian towns as tension and violence escalate. Two smuggled passenger aircraft, which were seized by customs, failed to find a new owner at a local auction Tuesday.
t374 Davis Love, who needs a PGA victory in the next five weeks to achieve his goal of playing in the Masters, fired a three-under par 69 here Friday for a one-stroke lead at the Doral Open. An Egyptian supreme court decided Saturday that a liberal university in Cairo cannot ban women from wearing the face veil while inside the campus, a court official and a lawyer in the case said. A New York rabbi was sentenced Monday to a maximum of 32 years in jail for the repeated sexual abuse of a 16-year-old boy, prosecutors said. The high plains of Montana, the setting for ``The Slaughter Rule,'' remain one of the last American outposts of a genuine frontier spirit. The landscape's surreal beauty and the climate's punishing extremes ensure that only a certain kind of person _ seriously outdoorsy, proudly self-reliant and not dependent on A Japanese television network on Wednesday broadcast what it said were video clips of two public executions in Stalinist North Korea. Fly or ferry? Travelers to Hawaii shuttling between Honolulu and Maui and Kauai will finally get to choose. Tickets are on sale for the Hawaii Superferry, a high-speed catamaran the length of a football field that will sail starting in August (no date set yet). Base fares start at One admirer has called Kofi Annan ``a rock star of international diplomacy.'' Another says there is ``a saint-like sense about him.'' The emergency special session of the United Nations General Assembly on the Middle East on Friday night overwhelmingly adopted a resolution condemning the excessive use of force by the Israeli forces against Palestinian civilians.
t5149 Trading in the stock of the crippled state-controlled Credit Lyonnais Bank and of a big shareholder, the Thomson-CSF electronics group, was suspended early Friday. Two Katyusha rockets fired from Lebanon fell on northern Israel Sunday afternoon, police and the military said. No one was hurt, but there was some damage, they said. Around 30 percent of civil flights scheduled in Europe on Monday are expected to get off the ground, the intergovernmental Eurocontrol service said. Spring's spirit of renewal is especially fresh this year in Montreal as the once-mighty Canadiens return to the Stanley Cup playoffs after missing them for three seasons. They meet the Boston Bruins on Thursday to begin a quest for their 25th championship and their first since 1993. They had Hong Kong share prices opened easier Thursday after sharp losses Wednesday amid growing concerns over rising inflation in the United States and prospects this will result in higher interest rates, dealers said. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Sunday decreed new election rules intended to make it more difficult for his faction's Hamas rivals to win the presidency or keep their majority in parliament. Motorola Inc. posted a whopping loss for a second straight quarter amid a deep slump in the cell phone and semiconductor industries, but narrowly beat Wall Street's reduced expectations. Addressing the opening session of the 8th Asia-Pacific Parliamentarians' Conference on Environment and Development ( APPCED) in Hyderabad, 1,500 kilometers south of here, Wang Tao, head of China National People's Congress delegation, urged the Asia-Pacific countries to expand scientific and technological cooperation on environment.
t320 active. Copper perked up this week on the London Metal Exchange, recovering after several weeks of decline, rising some 50 dollars to 2,880 dollars per tonne on a tightening supply. Lornah Kiplagat of the Netherlands won the New York Mini 10K in Central Park for a fourth time on Saturday. Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk has cancelled a visit to Washington Monday for a summit on nuclear terrorism following the air crash in Smolensk, western Russia, in which President Lech Kaczynski lost his life. During the stock market's first quarter, which ended on Thursday, interest rates and corporate earnings fought each other to a draw on Wall Street. Vietnam, which has reported the most human deaths from bird flu, wants to reserve one million doses of a vaccine against the disease once tests are complete and production begins, a top research scientist said Wednesday. If global warming and rising ocean levels do not put many major American cities underwater, then the cooling of the rock beneath North America eventually will, a new study suggests. After eight years, Mayor Richard Riordan will be handing over control of the nation's second largest city on Saturday, but he won't be escaping the public spotlight. Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak met here Saturday with Iraq's second most powerful man, Ezzat Ibrahim, ahead of an emergency Arab summit on the Palestinians, Egypt's Middle East News Agency (MENA) reported.
t9420 Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic Wednesday accused the United Nations of trying to preserve an illusory peace in his country, adding that the present UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) mandate was "absurd". Parliament's two Sunni Arab blocs boycotted the 275-seat house on Sunday because the Sunni speaker, Mahmoud al-Mashhadani, was not reinstated as they demanded. The UN Security Council on Tuesday unanimously adopted a Russian-drafted resolution urging all states to toughen legislation aimed at prosecuting and jailing pirates caught off Somalia. I went looking for the Kentucky Derby winner Thursday morning. Like most people trying to handicap this year's race, I nearly gave up. At least 38 Hindu pilgrims died and 35 were missing after they were struck by a flash flood while praying on the banks of the Narmada River in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, police said Monday. The Iraqi parliament began debate Saturday on a resolution condemning Turkey for its recent decision to authorize strikes against Kurdish rebels inside Iraq, as an estimated 15,000 Kurds from a village on the border between the two countries protested the Turkish move. China said Friday it is ``resolutely opposed'' to efforts in the U.S. Congress to bar compensation for services provided while an American surveillance plane was held on a southern Chinese island. The Irish Republican Army (IRA) said Tuesday that it is still prepared to put its arms beyond use, but not on British or unionist terms.
t6362 A leading Indonesian forestry industry official has predicted exports of wood products will grow by 12.3 percent this year to 7.19 billion dollars, according to a report here Tuesday. Investor and business confidence in Germany slipped unexpectedly in June, putting a halt to six straight months of increases, with development in Europe's biggest economy expected to hold steady but not gain momentum in the near term. The yield on Greek 10-year bonds soared above 8.0 percent on Wednesday, the highest level since Greece joined the eurozone, increasing pressure further on the Greek government to seek help from the EU and IMF. Despite expressing confidence that USA Track and Field will fix a long list of problems, the U.S. Olympic Committee passed a resolution on Sunday threatening to strip USATF of its control of the sport if the problems are not corrected by Aug. 31. One hundred and nineteen Turkish nationals, mainly women and children, were repatriated from Kyrgyzstan overnight Friday, reporting fears for their safety in the troubled Central Asian nation on their arrival at the airport, Anatolia news agency said. The decision left Prime Minister Nouri al- Maliki with a razor-thin majority in the 275-member parliament. Some officials insisted that the al- Sadr camp's departure had freed his alliance to act more aggressively on passing legislation sought by the United States, including an oil law. Al- Maliki's opponents predicted The Colorado Avalanche on Friday re-signed coach Bob Hartley through the 2003-04 season, five weeks after the team won the Stanley Cup. Elena Berezhnaya and Anton Sikharulidze edged China's Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo to lead a Russian sweep of the three finalist events at the International Skating Union Grand Prix Competition on Saturday in St. Petersburg, Russia.
t3430 Former Mexican president Carlos Salinas will probably live in virtual exile in the United States for the next few years, the New York Times reported Monday. Chicago Mercantile Exchange Holdings Inc., seeking to clinch its deal for the parent of the Chicago Board of Trade, offered to pay a special dividend of $485 million (euro364.5 million) to CBOT Holdings shareholders on top of the $10.19 billion (euro7.66 billion) it has offered for their shares. Paris Charles de Gaulle airport will remain closed until at least 1800 GMT Friday due to the dangers posed by a volcanic ash cloud spreading from Iceland, airport officials said. ``I actually thought we had been gobbled up by conglomerates and were caught up in layoffs and bureau closings and were more interested in navel gazing and stories about weight-loss formulas than anything happening in Washington, D.C., or Jerusalem or Kabul,'' said Ifill, who used to work for NBC Tens of thousands of people flew kites and danced on the hills outside Kabul Monday to mark the Afghan New Year, as President Hamid Karzai gave a reminder of the challenges ahead for the devastated nation. A woman kissed the dead young man on his cheek as he lay in a casket of silky white lining. From the church balcony, someone wailed. The casket closed, and the choir rose to its feet, rocking in song and shaking tambourines. An 8-year-old boy was in critical condition Saturday after a team of surgeons worked through the night to reattach his arm, which was bitten off by a 7-foot shark. The Chinese government will donate 160,000 U.S. dollars to implement a pilot solar energy program for Kenya with an aim to help solve the power shortage in rural areas of the east African country, according to a document signed here Monday.
t4383 The Iranian opposition on Wednesday hailed a decision by US President Bill Clinton to ban US firms from helping Iran develop its oil and gas resources. English businessman Mike Ashley increased his stake in Newcastle to 77 percent Friday to take financial control of the Premier League club. World champion Sebastien Loeb of France, driving a Citroen C4, won the Rally of Turkey on Sunday ahead of Norway's Petter Solberg (Citroen C4) and Mikko Hirvonen of Finland (Ford Focus). Eli Marrero's line drive was barely deflecting off the left-field wall as the Cardinals' winning run crossed the plate, handing Astros reliever Ricky Stone the defeat. For that instance, Stone accepts the blame. In reality, though, the Astros' offense was responsible for this loss Saturday. A handyman pleaded not guilty Tuesday to plotting to kidnap US television personality David Letterman's infant son and nanny and hold them for five million dollars ransom. A Washington Post story about photo-sharing Web sites should have stated that Flickr (www.flickr.com) allows users with a U.S. billing address to order photo prints directly from the site; others can print via Qoop ( www.qoop.com). Washington Mystics forward Chamique Holdsclaw will miss at least two weeks, including the WNBA All-Star game, with a right foot injury. The Arab follow-up committee set up by an emergency Arab summit last month in Egypt decided Friday to meet every month to review the implementation of summit resolutions on supporting the Palestinians in their struggles against Israeli suppression.
t2199 Turkish-Cypriot leader Rauf Denktash argued Thursday that it was the Greek-Cypriots who had tried to invade the island and not mainland Turkey. The U.S. military is probing how guards failed to prevent the death of a Guantanamo Bay detainee last month, an apparent suicide in one of the most closely monitored detention camps for suspected al-Qaida and Taliban members, the top commander said Tuesday. They walked across shelled-out no man's land on the edge of the Gaza Strip, drawing within 200 metres (yards) of the Israeli border before gunshots snapped over their heads. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. A 12-year-old Brazilian boy put out a hit on his father, police here said Friday, adding that the man's killing was solved after a teen hitman complained he had not received his agreed payoff for the slaying. New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's congestion pricing plan got a boost Thursday when state lawmakers overwhelmingly approved a study of the proposal, but significant political and practical hurdles remain before New York becomes the first U.S. city to charge motorists to drive in its central business district. Typhoon Utor brushed past southern Taiwan and headed for Hong Kong on Thursday, leaving behind a trail of destruction _ floods, mudslides and 24 people dead _ mostly in the Philippines. China successfully put its first home-made navigation positioning satellite, the Beidou Navigation Testing Satellite, into orbit early today with a Long March 3-A rocket.
t5419 Defending champion Loren Roberts grabbed a two-shot lead in the star- studded Nestle Invitational here on Friday before thunderstorms halted play for the day with 68 players still on the course. As many as 36 people were killed in a fierce battle early Monday between Shiite militiamen and British forces doing house-to-house searches south of Baghdad, Iraqi police and hospital officials said. Norway's air authority announced the country's airspace was open until at least 8:00 am (0600 GMT) Wednesday, extending a window announced earlier as a volcano ash cloud cleared. Cardinal Bernard F. Law of Boston was ordered on Wednesday by a Massachusetts judge to give a deposition in a lawsuit involving his failure to remove a priest despite repeated accusations that the priest had abused young boys. World oil prices rebounded on Thursday after strong falls over the past two days and a fatal blast at BP's biggest oil refinery in the United States revived fears over gasoline supplies, dealers said. Iraq's army, despite measurable progress, will be unable to take over internal security from U.S. forces in the next 12 to 18 months and "cannot yet meaningfully contribute to denying terrorists safe haven," according to a report on the Iraqi security forces published Thursday. A firefighter rescued a couple from a rapidly growing wildfire that killed four other firefighters by cramming them into her one-person emergency fire shelter. East China's Jiangxi Province has increased efforts to crack down on corrupt officials, and over the past 7 years, nearly 1,000 of them have been prosecuted.
t977 Several Nigerian army officers have been arrested in connection with a foiled coup bid, newspapers said Monday, but a government spokesman played down the reports and said the interrogations were routine. Romania's Prime Minister Calin Popescu Tariceanu and his minority Cabinet face a parliamentary no-confidence vote proposed by his former allies. French President Nicolas Sarkozy expressed confidence Tuesday that Brazil would choose French-made Rafale fighter jets for its air force in a hotly contested bidding process. Rankings reflect sales figures for the week ending March 23 at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other retailers, statistically weighted to represent sales in all such outlets nationwide. The number of titles within the two subdivisions of nonfiction can change from week to week, reflecting changes in JP Morgan Chase agreed to pay two billion dollars to settle claims it aided and abetted WorldCom in deceiving investors before the telecom firm's bankruptcy, the company and plaintiffs said Wednesday. A bill to require Californians to spay or neuter their pets or face stiff fines was pulled Wednesday from consideration for this year by its author after it ran into strong objections from members of a state Senate panel. costly manufactured goods expected to last at least three years, such as cars and washing machines _ rose by 1.2 percent, following a tiny 0.1 percent increase. That was the strongest showing since February. Fang Xuan has been appointed as the new vice-mayor and also acting mayor of Zhuhai, the nearest Chinese mainland city to Macao.
t9317 Prime Minister and presidential candidate Edouard Balladur cut short an electoral visit Wednesday after riot police were called in to prevent angry demonstrators getting to him. Three Lebanese soldiers were killed and a fourth was critically injured while dismantling a bomb placed by al-Qaida-inspired Islamic militants in a northern Palestinian refugee camp, officials said. Engineers raced Tuesday to build a giant containment dome in case robotic submarines fail to stop oil gushing into the sea from a sunken rig in the Gulf of Mexico. Despite their recent ascendancy, Virginia Republicans seem adept at sabotaging themselves. The latest embarrassment has been the indictment of Edmund Matricardi, formerly executive director of the state party, for eavesdropping on two telephone conferences in March between leading Democrats, one of them involving Mark Warner, the state's new governor. The San Antonio Spurs, already without superstar forward Tim Duncan, will be missing another member of their starting frontcourt for the rest of the National Basketball Association regular season. Mark Penn, Hillary Clinton's chief strategist, sat down with a large group of reporters Thursday morning for a status report on the presidential campaign. "We are taking absolutely nothing for granted," he said soberly. Ann Wauters is already a star in Belgium and France, and with a few more games like this, she could be one of the WNBA's elite players, too. The encounter between elements of the 7th Infantry Battalion and 40 armed men took place in Patikul, Sulu, the ABS-CBN news channel said.
t4116 The government has begun the difficult task of selling business and labor leaders on the bitter medicine of an austerity plan that promises economic health at the cost of recession, joblessness and inflation. Turkey's president on Friday called for a referendum on whether the people -- instead of Parliament -- should elect the new president. Seven-time champion Stephen Hendry was given a monumental scare by Chinese teenager Zhang Anda before securing his place in the second round of the World Championship on Sunday. For a long time, it's been possible to make the grass greener, the river wider, the teeth brighter and the pimples disappear _ in photos, anyway. Clever use of lighting, filters, angles and airbrushes have given photographers and technicians lots of room in which to maneuver when creating an The Committee for Human Rights in the central Asian state of Kyrgyzstan on Tuesday accused Ron is simply trying to fight for democracy," he added. When Mattel Inc. said last week that it was recalling about 19 million Chinese-made toys -- the company's second such recall in two weeks -- it was an illustration of how efficiently consumer product safety regulations can work when all concerned are committed to protecting the public. The strong support that Rep. Gary Condit once enjoyed in his home district appeared to be wavering Monday in the wake of new disclosures about his relationship with missing intern Chandra Levy. "Now these reforms are urgent. The most important is regulatory reform within the scope of the present (EU) Treaty," Lamfalussy told a news conference concerning his committee's initial report about the financial markets in Europe.
t5294 Bluechip prices continued their climb at Friday's opening on Wall Street in a session that promised to be erratic due to the expiration of several quarterly stock options. With all but 36 seats left to call, official results give comfortable majority to French right, with at least 330 seats. Pleyel, the world's oldest piano firm and the last still operating in France, has stopped even trying to compete with Chinese and Korean rivals on price and now focuses instead on innovative design. Speedy pick-up trucks laden with soldiers wheel into police headquarters as if rushing to battle. The fighters are well-armed, some handling rocket-propelled grenades. A man seeking asylum in Germany and claiming to be a journalist has been taken hostage by a previously unknown group demanding the release of all Muslims in German jails, Der Spiegel reported on Thursday. A bleak portrait of the political and security situation in Iraq released Tuesday by the Government Accountability Office sparked sharp protests from top U.S. military officials in Baghdad, who described it as flawed and "factually incorrect." Huntsville's David Gibralter hit a three-run homer, and Greenville's Ramon Castro followed with a two-run shot in the second inning Wednesday night as the National League defeated the American League 8-3 in the Double-A All-Star game. Following are the latest facts and figures on China's major export commodities to Canada from January to September this year, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t251 Four people, including a French UN soldier, were wounded by sniper fire Friday in three separate incidents on Sarajevo's main thoroughfare, known as Sniper's Alley. Jordanian police sealed off a town near the Israeli border where a small group of outlaws burnt tires and exchanged gunfire over a refusal to pay utility bills and relinquish state property, witnesses said. A home-made bomb tore through a bus carrying a mine clearance team in southern Afghanistan on Sunday, killing four people and injuring more than a dozen others, officials said. ``Panic Room'' belongs, with movies like ``Rosemary's Baby'' and ``Single White Female,'' to a small, appropriately exclusive subgenre: the Manhattan luxury real estate thriller. In spite of their apparent parochialism, these movies appeal to the universal, complementary emotions of smugness and envy. New Yorkers (or anybody else) who must King Abdullah II of Jordan said in an interview Tuesday that with positive developments in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, a negative perception of the United States in the Middle East could change for the better. No one could claim surprise last week when tall flames raged across more than 3,000 acres and consumed 254 homes. Five workers at a religious center for troubled youngsters have been charged with forcing children to stand in a manure pit as punishment. Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo has restated the government's determination to push through the on-going anti-corruption drive, warning local government chairmen not to test the will of the federal government.
t5370 Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev will pay a short visit to Budapest on March 24, the MTI agency said here Friday. After winning the Australian Open as an 18-year-old amateur, Aaron Baddeley spoke confidently of someday taking on Tiger Woods for major championships. Eight years later, someday arrived Sunday at the U.S. Open. The economic crisis could be entering a "new phase" with rising public debt threatening to undermine the stability of the global financial system, the International Monetary Fund warned Tuesday. A federal judge in Oregon ruled Wednesday that the Justice Department has no authority to take action against doctors for prescribing drugs that terminally ill patients use to end their lives, a medical practice permitted under the state's doctor-assisted suicide law. Japanese Internet group Softbank Corp. on Thursday joined a controversial media takeover battle for control of private broadcaster Fuji Television Network Inc. after becoming its biggest shareholder. Tainted Chinese goods flooding international markets. Effluents from Chinese factories polluting the oceans and the air. Pirates in the Chinese marketplace running roughshod over global intellectual-property standards. The list goes on and on. Japan's benchmark stock index closed sharply higher Thursday as investors snapped up high-tech shares after better-than-expected quarterly results at U.S. companies Yahoo Inc. and Motorola Inc. The U.S. dollar weakened against the yen. Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa Wednesday vowed to bring to justice the saboteurs in the country's semi-autonomous Zanzibar region, who have made a series of bomb blasts lately, reported the country's official Daily News Wednesday.
t2910 Britain's Princess Anne on Saturday toured Sri Lanka's central hilly region on the third day of her visit in connection with activities of the international relief agency, Save The Children Fund. The dollar traded higher against the euro Wednesday after climbing to two-month highs against the 13-nation currency on soaring U.S. bond yields. Pressure grew on Beijing to raise interest rates and loosen currency controls Thursday after official data showed the economy grew at a red-hot 11.9 percent in the first three months of the year. WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - As the Jewish people today remember the millions murdered in the Holocaust, many will again confront questions that became a chorus for Americans of all faiths after Sept. 11. Long-simmering tensions over the disputed enclave of Karabakh in the volatile Caucasus have flared recently, sparking fears that the escalation of hostilities along a ceasefire line between Armenian and Azeri forces could lead to a new war. Conservative candidate Jose Guadalupe Osuna Millan held a sizable lead over gambling tycoon Jorge Hank Rhon, based on early returns Sunday in Baja California's fractious gubernatorial election. The former city manager credited with bringing Miami through a financial crisis was sentenced to a year in jail Friday for stealing nearly $70,000 from a police charity. The spokesman for the French Foreign Ministry, Francois Rivasseau, said that all the countries bordering the Mediterranean have been invited, including Libya which is to attend with "a special status of invited guest."
t6996 Australia defeated Guyana by an innings and 61 runs on the final day of their three-day cricket match at the Bourda Oval here on Wednesday. A prosecution witness identified a Malaysian policeman on trial for a Mongolian woman's killing as the driver of the car that took her away from the house of her politically well-connected ex-boyfriend before she was slain. A new era opens for Italian industrial giant Fiat and its huge auto interests which cover Chrysler, but while analysts approve of a vast restructuring, investors are uncertain about the targets. ``He's happy that I'm having a good year,'' Jeremy said of Jason, before Tuesday night's reunion between the haves and the have-nots _ the brothers Giambi together again, along with those narrowly separated playoff rivals of the past two years, the budget-challenged A's and the payroll-inflated Yanks. Taiwan share prices closed 0.28 percent lower Monday in modest trade as many investors stayed on the sidelines amid growing caution over first-quarter corporate results due next month, dealers said. Cols 1-4: Wild art of local weather. Cols 5-6: Local hospital finance story. At the fold: Col 1: As a federal judge, Michael B. Mukasey stared down terrorists, presided over a fiercely independent Manhattan federal court and was little interested in politics or politicians, but this independent streak could When intern Chandra Levy dropped out of sight, her parents waited four or five days to tell police. A few more days passed before police went to her apartment. After the Thai soldiers, believed to be briefed up at the border to crack down drugs gangs, encountered with the Myanmar troops, the latter opened fires across the border, injuring the Thai soldier.
t1097 US experts are to inspect all 55 strategic nuclear arms sites in Russia under the START 1 disarmament treaty within the next four months, US government officials said here Monday. French President Nicolas Sarkozy called on the World Bank on Monday to focus on Africa ahead of a meeting with the United States' candidate to head the poverty-fighting agency. US film star Samuel L. Jackson met young people in a poor Paris suburb Tuesday, spotlighting deprived districts that mainstream French cinema, like its politicians, is accused of neglecting. In January, government scientists issued a warning that took many by surprise. After an outbreak of salmonella from alfalfa sprouts sickened nearly two dozen people in four states, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention urged children, the elderly and those with compromised immune systems not to eat raw New Zealand share prices closed 0.97 percent lower Thursday at a five-week low on to profit-taking prompted by weaker overseas markets and a strong New Zealand dollar, dealers said. Sunday had been targeted as a red-letter day for BET executives. That's the day they had set aside to unveil an ambitious slate of series showcasing the cable network's move into more diverse programming aimed at a wide range of black viewers. In an indirect slap at his would-be South Korean successor, IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch stressed Monday that bans on visits to Olympic bid candidates should remain in place. A record number of more than 100,000 overseas business people flocked to the 88th China Export Commodity Fair held in Guangzhou City in south China, statistics showed today.
t7715 Pakistani troops in a major operation Friday dismantled 15 calendestine drug laboratories operating in the semi autonomous tribal area, an official statement here said. Paddy Ashdown, an opposition legislator, said Thursday that he turned down an offer of a post in the Cabinet being formed by Treasury chief Gordon Brown, who will become Britain's prime minister on June 27. Japan's most popular politician Yoichi Masuzoe launched a new party on Friday, pledging a break with the old-school politics of the main opposition conservative party he bolted this week. Toxic chemicals used by salmon farms could be killing off tiny animals that are vital to the marine food chain, scientists warn in a confidential report for the British government leaked to New Scientist. Ibrahim Jaafari, set to be named Iraqi prime minister Thursday more than two months after watershed elections, is a religious Shiite who commands popular support unmatched by any of his competitors. And "Cavemen," which premieres Tuesday night, has been labeled by network President Stephen McPherson and ABC's marketing department as a funny commentary about race relations with a "new minority group." Katharine Graham, who deftly steered The Washington Post through the tumult of the Pentagon Papers and Watergate and built it into a leading force in American journalism, died Tuesday. She was 84. An Israeli soldier died on Sunday of wounds sustained in a roadside bombing in the disputed Shebaa Farms, near the border with Lebanon, security sources said.
t503 Austrian ecologists unrolled a 60-kilometer (35-mile) petition bearing more than one million signatures between Vienna and Bratislava, Slovakia, Saturday to protest Slovakia's plans to finish building a nuclear plant just 100 kilometers (60 miles) from here. Russia has accepted a U.S. request that a Russian bank help end a stalemate over frozen North Korean funds that has halted progress in the North's nuclear disarmament, a news report said Sunday. English Players' chief Gordon Taylor has become the latest high-profile figure to pour scorn on the Wembley pitch after last weekend's FA Cup semi-finals. Irish writer John McGahern writes fiction about ordinary folks, which is to say, his stories have very little plot. Ordinary life doesn't usually come packaged up in tight little segments, like the episodes found in the conventional novel. Consider how manageable, not to mention dull, life would be if Hungary-based telecommunications company Matav has signed an agreement with the government of Montenegro to buy a 51.12-percent stake in Telekom Montenegro for 114 million euros (152 million dollars), Matav said on Wednesday. The strain of tuberculosis infecting Andrew Speaker, the Atlanta lawyer who was the object of an international hunt by public health authorities in May, turns out not to be as dangerous as doctors originally thought. Marco Coaguila was saying a silent goodbye to his 17-year-old girlfriend and month-old baby killed in last week's massive earthquake when the aftershock struck during their funeral. PYONGYANG, October 22 (Xinhua) -- A high-level Chinese military delegation headed by Chi Haotian, Vice-Chairman of the Central Military Commission of China, arrived here Sunday for a five-day official good-will visit to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) at the invitation of the DPRK Ministry of the People's
t4011 Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo said his first three months in office have been surprisingly tough and predicted hardship ahead in the struggle with Mexico's economic crisis, The New York Times reported Tuesday. Three days of official mourning begin Friday for former U.N. chief Kurt Waldheim, but it remained unclear if there would be a state funeral for the one-time Austrian president who served in a German army unit that committed WWII atrocities. Twin explosions struck a camp for displaced people in northwest Pakistan, killing at least 13 people on Saturday, a local police official said. Human Nature Directed by: Michel Gondry Screenplay by: Charlie Kaufman Starring: Patricia Arquette, Tim Robbins, Rhys Ifans, Miranda Otto, Rosie Perez Coolidge Corner, Embassy Running time: 96 minutes Rated: R (nudity, violence, sexual situations) !! 1/2 Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra Tuesday cut Thailand's 2005 growth forecast by 0.25 percentage points to 5.25-6.25 percent after moves to end a costly fuel subsidy scheme aimed at protecting the economy from rising world oil prices. Liu Ming, a 28-year-old sales executive, usually leaves his west Beijing home in his little red Toyota at 6:30 a.m. to avoid the worst of Beijing's rush-hour traffic. Even so, his 22-mile cross-town commute usually takes about an hour. Troops headed to an embattled northern township on Monday where local officials say rightist paramilitaries killed at least 10 villagers last week and forced as many as 6,000 people from their homes. Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah Ibn Abdul-Aziz has informed the Qatari government that he would not attend the upcoming summit of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC).
t758 The case against former Ethiopian leader Mengistu Haile Mariam and dozens of his aides will reopen here on Tuesday in Africa's first Nuremberg-style trial for genocide. Families of missing persons across the United States who do not know if their spouses and siblings are dead or alive are pressing for passage of laws requiring police to expand their searches. Andy Murray's former coach Leon Smith was named as the new captain of Great Britain's Davis Cup team on Monday. If there was one thing most here agreed on in the long struggle to open up and change the Los Angeles Police Department it was that politics had to be removed from the process of selecting a chief. So the civilian police commission was granted greater autonomy in the North Korea wants to close its UN aid office despite a major shortage of food and medicines in the impoverished Stalinist country, the UN office for the co-ordination of humanitarian affairs (OCHA) said Wednesday. The gap between rich and poor is growing -- not just in American society but also in the race for president. Far from resolving a dispute between free-lance writers and publishers, a Supreme Court ruling this week on electronic republication rights favoring the writers has touched off a bout of recriminations from both sides as they tangle with questions over how to implement the decision. The scientists behind the revolutionary breakthroughs of "cloning" and "genome mapping" will gather in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) next month for a conference hosted by Abu Dhabi.
t1589 President Bill Clinton met with NATO Secretary General Willy Claes Tuesday to discuss Croatia's threat to kick UN peacekeepers out at the end of the month, the White House said. President George W. Bush, wading deeper into an issue that bitterly divides his party, is pleading personally with skeptical Republicans to resurrect his immigration bill. Defending champion Pittsburgh Penguins try to reach their third-consecutive Stanley Cup finals while Phoenix and Los Angeles are back in the post-season after long absences. AIRFARE _ Ever since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, when airlines radically changed their food policies, America's domestic air travelers have learned to ask an important question before they board: Is there a meal? Five bids are competing for Bulgaria's three UMTS telecommunication licences, the Communication Regulation Commission (CRC) said after the call for bids expired Thursday. For the seventh time this year, Senate Republicans on Wednesday blocked a measure to change U.S. policy in Iraq, beating back the latest Democratic proposal to set a timeline for withdrawing troops. A Russian airliner carrying 143 people was found burning outside the Siberian city of Irkutsk, the news agency ITAR-Tass reported, citing the Civil Aviation Authority. Chinese President Jiang Zemin said Friday that so long as China and Japan uphold the principles set in their jointly-issued documents the two can contribute to the peace and stability in Asia.
t8213 Security forces Sunday wrapped up a massive week-long ground and air operation against Moslem fundamentalists in Algeria killing more than 300 extremists, news reports here said. The first qualifying matches for soccer's 2010 World Cup will come from among FIFA's least strong and most far-flung confederation. A pollution fine for Coca-Cola and an order for PepsiCo to cut water use at factories in India have highlighted an intensifying conflict between big business and farmers over natural resources. FONTANA, Calif. - Rick Hendrick knows how to spot driving talent. After all, with Jimmie Johnson winning Sunday's NAPA Auto Parts 500 at California Speedway, nine different drivers have won in NASCAR Winston Cup. Catholics in Vietnam paid homage to Pope John Paul II with prayers although only a few hundred of them were able to watch the funeral proceedings in Rome on a screen inside a cathedral in the capital. A Washington Post articleincorrectly characterized Marriott International's 2008 forecast for revenue per available room. The company expects such revenue to slow to 5 to 7 percent. Delphi Automotive Systems Corp. reported a 61 percent drop in second quarter profits, but the results met Wall Street forecasts. Macedonian Prime Minister Ljupco Georgievski dismissed five Democratic Alternative (DA) cabinet members, including the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister Without Portfolio Vasil Tupurkovski on Monday, according to an official spokesperson.
t9915 Japan announced a sweeping five-year programme to deregulate its economy aimed at opening domestic markets to foreign competition and narrowing price gaps with other countries, on Friday. U.N. officials threatened to strike Dresden from a list of outstanding world cultural sites if current plans for a bridge over the Elbe River go forward, but praised the U.S. for rehabilitating the endangered Florida Everglades. A 20-year-old Palestinian was killed in the Gaza Strip by Israeli fire on Wednesday during a protest near the heavily guarded border fence, local medics said. Sacramento, backed by its ready-and-raucous fans, reminded the Mavs why playing at Arco is the league's most imposing home-court advantage. The Kings fed off noise supplied by the crowd, and the crowd fed off the Kings. In the end, both groups went home happy. A Brazilian cardinal in the running to replace the late John Paul II has published a book of his previously published articles on issues ranging from foreign affairs to human cloning, "Conversations with the City." The meeting was broadcast, without audio, by state-run television and showed Suu Kyi and the military-regime's labor minister, Aung Kyi, sitting in high-back chairs and having a discussion for more than an hour in a state guest house. Suu Kyi was not allowed to make a public statement. Aaron Sele scattered four hits over seven innings and didn't allow a run for his second straight start as the Seattle Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 4-0 on Friday night. The Ukrainian Parliament approved the 2001 state budget on Thursday, which according to the government, focused on settling social problems.
t8954 British Agriculture Secretary William Waldegrave said Tuesday there was "a great deal of sympathy with Canada" in its north Atlantic fishing dispute with Spain. Rebels attacked an army base in Niger, killing 13 soldiers and taking at least 47 prisoners, the government said. An ethnic Tuareg group claimed responsibility, just days after it said it was behind an assault on a local airport. China issued rules Monday to protect commercial secrets at state-owned enterprises, a few weeks after four employees of Australia's Rio Tinto were jailed for industrial espionage. If the polls are correct, Jean-Marie Le Pen, the far-right French presidential candidate, will be defeated today (Sunday) in a landslide of epic proportions. Oliver Letwin, finance spokesman for Britain's main opposition Conservative Party, has bounced back from an embarrassing faux pas to have a chance of becoming the country's next chancellor of the exchequer. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice pressed Israelis and Palestinians on Monday to compromise on a plan to jump-start peace negotiations, describing the ending of their long conflict as one of the top goals of President Bush in the 15 months he has left in office. A key gauge of future U.S. economic activity inched higher for the third straight month in June, though it indicates the overall economy remains fragile. Belgium is offering 6 billion francs (130 million U.S. dollars) to the project to be launched before the end of the year, local television network RTBF reported on Saturday.
t4304 President Kim Young-Sam returned from a two-week European tour here Wednesday carrying pledges of support for South Korea's bid to become a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council, the official Yonhap news agency said. Islamic insurgents in Somalia have created a video showing a masked man firing a surface-to-air missile, making a graphic -- though so far unsubstantiated -- claim that they are capable of shooting down planes. Three Italian charity workers who were arrested in Afghanistan on charges of plotting to kill a governor have been freed, the UN's representative in the country said on Sunday. As events spun disastrously out of control in August 1914, Sir Edward Grey, the British foreign secretary, summed up the situation in a despondent remark that has been remembered ever since. ``The lamps are going out all over Europe,'' he said. ``We shall not see them lit again in For the first time in more than 75 years, two men in Puerto Rico could face the death penalty after a jury convicted them Tuesday of federal charges in the shooting death of an armored car security guard during a 2002 hold-up. Across the walls of a neighborhood that has seen better days, Sunni Arab insurgents splash slogans in black Arabic letters: "Death to America" and "Long Live the Resistance." U.S. and Iraqi forces black out the words and replace them with such slogans as "Long Live Iraq" and "No to American Power Conversion Corp. plans to cut another 700 jobs, or about 9.5 percent of its worldwide work force, in an effort to make the technology company more competitive. Myanmar leader Lieutenant- General Tin Oo has called on the country's private industrialists to produce standardized motor vehicles to help reduce car imports.
t4773 Japan's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. said Thursday it would market a new broadcast digital video system starting late this year, the first to utilize 6.35 millimetre-wide (0.254 inches) compact tape. A Tamil film that sparked riots in Malaysian cinemas played to packed crowds Saturday, helped by publicity after ethnic Indian fans wrecked theaters where the movie's premiere had been abruptly postponed. The EU disagrees with airlines' criticism of the closure of airspace due to the ash cloud from an Icelandic volcano, the bloc's Spanish presidency said Monday, adding safety should be the main concern. WASHINGTON -The world's most wanted man reappeared on center stage Monday in a videotape aired by an Arab language satellite network. Health activists Wednesday criticised the passing by Indian lawmakers of patents legislation that would prohibit the manufacture of low-cost generics, but drug firms disputed their claims that millions of HIV-AIDS and cancer sufferers are threatened by the bill. Today, New Orleans needs to rebuild thousands of homes, and Galante's nonprofit, the Santa Monica, Calif. -based Global Green USA, has stepped in to push aggressively for environmentally-friendly building practices. Israeli police wrestled a suspected Palestinian suicide bomber to the ground and seized a bag packed with explosives and nails Wednesday, officials said. In a separate incident, Israeli troops shot dead a Palestinian woman trying to avoid an army checkpoint on her way to work, doctors said. A highjacked Russian airliner with 58 passengers and crew on board landed on Sunday at a military airport in southern Israel, Israeli military said.
t7157 Arab countries failed on Thursday to draw up a common stand linking their extension of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) to Israel joining the treaty. The man widely believed to be leading the new Hamas rulers of the Gaza Strip said Wednesday that his group wants to maintain calm in the area, but will not be the "protector" of the Israeli border. Greece's public deficit for 2009 has rocketed to 13.6 percent of gross domestic product, with yet another half percentage point rise likely, the European Union data agency said on Thursday. A furry, mouse-sized animal, which lived in what is now northeastern China at the time of the dinosaurs, is now the earliest known member of the mammal group that includes humans. A little girl with her genitals marked in red, naked couples depicted after love making and even a self-portrait of the artist masturbating: the violent sexual imagery of Egon Schiele is on display in Amsterdam's Van Gogh museum until June 19. To call the numbers below from the United States, dial 011 (the international dialing code), 86 (country code for China) and the local number. Businesses' inventories of unsold goods were flat in May as sales registered the biggest increase in more than a year. Romania's foreign debt has risen 1.5 percent to 9.15 billion U.S. dollars in the first three quarters of this year, the Central Bank reported on Wednesday.
t506 Sweden's Anders Forsbrand grabbed a course record 64 to share the lead with Alexander Cejka of Germany in a new-look leaderboard following Saturday's third round. Thousands of Indonesians rallied across the world's most populous Muslim nation Sunday to protest 40 years of Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories, some carrying banners that said "Israel is the enemy" and "Save our Palestine." US President Barack Obama Monday met Jordan's King Abdullah II, seeking to revive his repeatedly frustrated attempt to establish indirect peace talks between Israelis and the Palestinians. Before becoming a U.S. District Court judge in 1987, William L. Dwyer spent 30 years as a trial lawyer, so there is no doubt he knew a lot about the functioning of juries. China's Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing on Wednesday branded a 15-year-old EU arms embargo on China as "political discrimination," ahead of talks with EU officials likely to discuss lifting the ban. Rabbi Abraham J. Klausner, who had brought attention to the plight of Holocaust survivors languishing in concentration camps at the end of World War II and had created inventive ways -- including publishing a massive list of survivors -- to reunite them with their families, died Thursday at his For six hours, Rame Shabani lay motionless, his face pressed to the dirt, while Serb police and army units shot and mutilated 25 men on a hillside above the Albanian village of Racak. He escaped by throwing himself into a ravine when they opened fire. A high-ranking Chinese military delegation left here for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) this morning for an official good-will visit at the invitation of the Ministry of the People's Armed Forces of DPRK.
t6264 Syria has refused to cut its armed forces as Israel has proposed, Syrian Vice President Abdel Halim Khaddam said in an interview published on Monday. Iraqi police say car bombing near Shiite mosque in central Baghdad kills at least 12 people and wounds more than 50. Germany's Lufthansa, Europe's largest airline by passenger numbers, will resume its normal flight schedule on Thursday after days of disruption caused by the volcanic ash cloud, a spokeswoman said. Novel concept in Nashville. Four years into their NHL existence, and still no visits to the playoffs, the Predators last week announced that season ticket-holders will get a refund if the club misses the playoffs again next spring. Andy Roddick's defence of his Key Biscayne ATP Masters Series title was brief and bitter as the American retired from his opening match against Spain's Fernando Verdasco with a right wrist injury. Here's a no-fail equation: Take one Julie Taymor (the creative genius behind Broadway's "The Lion King," the visionary director of "Frida" and "Titus"), add the music of the Beatles and come up with: something great, right? The Japanese yen, which gained against other currencies earlier in the week as a result of emerging market turmoil, slid more than one yen against the dollar Friday as traders flocked to safer currencies. The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) Saturday approved a 20 million euro (17 million U.S. dollar) credit for the rehabilitation of the sewage system in the coastal city of Constanta, the Black Sea coast area, and reducing pollution.
t980 A man was shot dead and fifteen others injured when Zambian policemen clashed with citizens rioting in protest against alleged ritual murders by a local businessman, police said Monday. U.S. President George W. Bush expressed confidence on Monday about passing an immigration bill and said a Senate vote of no-confidence in Alberto Gonzales would have no bearing on his service as attorney general. French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced Tuesday in Washington that he would visit China later this month, joined by his wife, Carla Bruni-Sarkozy. These columns for release Tuesday, April 2, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Media and entertainment giant Viacom Inc. said Wednesday it may split into two divisions with one focussing on "growth" and the other, more traditional arm, aiming for "value". I don't know if ``Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix'' is a good movie -- I haven't seen it. But I'm pretty certain that it shouldn't be judged as a movie at all. It is a visual representation of a book in which millions of people are Two car bombs blew up Monday in the working class town of Yehud, just hours after three Palestinian militants were killed by missiles fired by an Israeli helicopter in a pinpointed attack. Australia's farmers should remember rising fuel prices were hitting farmers worldwide and not just them, Deputy Prime Minister and National Party Leader John Anderson said Tuesday.
t6167 Namibian President Sam Nujoma on Monday appointed himself home affairs Minister as part of a wide-ranging cabinet reshuffle to coincide with the country's fifth anniversary of independence. A Japanese opposition party has asked former Peruvian President Albert Fujimori, who also has Japanese citizenship, to run in coming parliamentary elections, media reports said Tuesday. A Lebanese man facing execution for sorcery in Saudi Arabia is likely to get a reprieve after top Lebanese officials pressed Riyadh over the case, his lawyer said on Wednesday. Nick Lowery was having a tough time of it. He had been a fine place-kicker in college, at Dartmouth, and expected a career booting balls in the National Football League. Wives and mothers of imprisoned Cuban dissidents on Friday told Fidel Castro that they hold him responsible for their wellbeing in case they are again confronted by his supporters for holding peaceful protests. When you reach a certain age, your hearing often starts to go. Unfortunately, that age is becoming younger and younger. Stock prices shook off early losses and moved higher Friday as investors felt more secure about betting on an economic turnaround that has yet to become apparent. Service agreements embodying terms to promote quality education were signed Saturday between the Education Department (ED) of Hong Kong and 14 school sponsoring bodies (SSBs).
t5756 Singapore nationals have stepped up security and some even left the Philippines because of the controversy over a Filipina maid who was hanged in their country, sources said Sunday. With the days remaining in Prime Minister Tony Blair's premiership down to single digits, the opposition Conservative party declared political war on his successor, saying Monday that a new battle for Britain's electorate was about to begin. South Korea warned Tuesday that stalled North Korea nuclear disarmament talks would not resume if it finds the communist state was involved in the sinking of one of its warships. DALLAS_ High school senior James B. Derdeyn has thought about becoming a teacher, but Thursday the art student learned doing so would make him a hot commodity. Chess legend Bobby Fischer on Thursday arrived in Iceland, where he is to make his home after spending eight months in a Japanese prison with the threat of extradition to the United States hanging over his head. WASHINGTON -- The FBI has begun examining a murky business venture run by disgraced Democratic fundraiser Norman Hsu that paid out hefty profits over the past several years to investors, some of whom were pressed to make contributions to Hillary Rodham Clinton and other political candidates. 800 words, by Landmark campaign finance legislation was sidetracked in the House indefinitely Thursday, and each party rushed to blame the other for the latest setback in the decade-long drive to reduce the role of big money in politics. FIFA president Joseph Blatter promised here on Thursday that football's world governing body would use "the spirit of fair play" in selling tickets for the 2002 World Cup finals.
t1325 Ten people were killed and five seriously injured in Chechnya Monday when a mine blew up a bus packed with refugees near Achkhoi-Martan southwest of Grozny, UN officials said Tuesday. The parents of 12-year-old Michelle Cedillo asked a federal court Monday to find that their child's autism was caused by common childhood vaccines, a precedent-setting case that could pave the way for thousands of autistic children to receive compensation from a special U.S. government fund set up to help The genocide trial of Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic resumed Tuesday after a six-week delay in The Hague with the prosecution's first witness set to face him. Spring forward, fall back, what's it all about? This weekend daylight-saving time kicks our clocks forward an hour, waking us up an hour earlier and giving us an extra hour of sunshine at the end of our day all summer long. Who came up with this idea? Palestinian militant leaders agreed Thursday in Cairo to observe an open-ended period of calm but stopped short of declaring a truce with Israel, an official told AFP. If you like it hot and dry and live in Southern California, you could be in luck. Our combination of an arid winter, scorching summer and host of wildfires may not be a short-term aberration. Consider the possibility of decades of dry, hot weather, stretching from Southern California to The Bush administration is proposing the first new offshore drilling in the Gulf of Mexico in more than a decade with plans to offer new oil and gas leases in an area covering 1.47 million acres, Interior Secretary Gale Norton announced Monday. Two civilians were killed Thursday as a result of "unprovoked indiscriminate" shelling by the Indian forces along the Line of Control, which divides the disputed area of Kashmir, a Pakistan army press release said.
t8384 North Korea has clouded the implementation of its landmark accord with the United States by insisting that a US firm install new nuclear reactors, South Korean officials said Monday. When Russian President Vladimir Putin pulls into this seaside tourist town Sunday, he will be treading a path traveled by the likes of Britain's John Major, Israel's Yitzhak Rabin, Poland's Lech Walesa and Jordan's King Hussein. US Senate Republicans warned Sunday they had the votes needed to delay the start of debate on the most sweeping financial overhaul in decades, unless talks lead to a deal. A lack of competition has allowed oil companies to reduce gasoline supplies and cause record price spikes in recent years, congressional investigators conclude in a report released Monday. Feyenoord are appealing their punishment of having to play their next match in Europe behind closed doors after their fans threw firecrackers on to the pitch, Dutch news agency ANP reported on Friday. An overdose of the antidepressant Wellbutrin can be fatal. But doctors in Philadelphia report that they saved the life of a teenager following a suicide attempt involving the drug generically known as bupropion by using a single dose of a nutritional supplement. A fire that gutted an abortion clinic over the weekend was started by a malfunctioning air conditioner, not an arsonist, an investigator said Wednesday. Tanzania loses more than 20 billion shillings (about 25 million U.S. dollars) and some 1, 600 lives a year in fatal road accidents, the African newspaper reported on Wednesday.
t8924 Six months after a US-led force ensured the return of President Jean- Bertrand Aristide to power, Haiti is politically stable even if security problems in the Caribbean republic persist. A headwind didn't slow Tyson Gay much in the semifinals of the 100 meters at the U.S. athletics championships Friday. Russian bank Sberbank reached a deal with GM on compensation it had claimed for losses incurred after the US auto giant dropped plans to sell its Opel unit, the companies said on Monday. In this quiet suburb southwest of Chicago, an inventor named Ben Skora has transformed an old kit house from Sears, Roebuck &AMP; Co. into what he calls a ``futuristic electronic residence.'' With the flick of a switch, a hidden bar rumbles out from a wall panel. From there, it Cambodia has confirmed its third fatality from the deadly bird flu virus, with an eight-year-old girl becoming the latest victim to die in the kingdom, a health official said Sunday. essentially just a man, a message and a scary slide show. Yet, "An Inconvenient Truth," Al Gore's filmed lecture about global climate change, became a milestone, easily the most famous and memorable aspect of Gore's quarter-century of environmental activism. Jim Furyk was 2 under going to the 11th hole during the first round of the British Open Thursday when his round fell apart with a 10. Huang Jun'an and Ge Huaping were sentenced to 11-year imprisonment, while Ma Zige and Ma Guizhen will be jailed for eight and seven years respectively. Each of the smugglers were fined 10,000 yuan (1,300 US dollars).
t9392 Leading European stock markets were mixed on Wednesday as stock prices rose in London, Paris and Frankfurt, but slipped by 0.77 percent in Milan on concern about the weak lira and bank results. California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger will make a surprise visit to his Austrian hometown on Sunday, returning for the first time since he severed official ties with the city two years ago following a flap over his position on the death penalty. The Greek stock exchange on Tuesday closed six percent down, its worst showing since October as the government called for an urgent EU-IMF loan and the central bank warned of deepening recession. State senators on Thursday approved a bill to limit greenhouse gas emissions, raising the auto industry's ire over what it perceives as an attack on sport utility vehicles. Singapore's economic growth slowed in the first quarter to 2.4 percent, official figures showed Monday, although economists said official full-year forecasts of 3.0-5.0 percent remain achievable. The Navy is investigating an allegation of sexual assault involving two midshipmen last weekend in the campus dormitory, a school spokeswoman said Friday. A blaze at a fireworks plant triggered an explosion that could be felt 10 miles away, killing one worker and injuring three others. Zambia lost some 400 Billion Kwacha (about 100 million U.S. dollars) annually during the past years due to high prevalence of motor vehicle theft, said the country's Home Affairs Minister Peter Machungwa Tuesday.
t4206 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher crowned his Middle East mission Tuesday with an announcement that Israel and Syria will resume direct peace talks at ambassador level within the next few days. Consumer prices in the U.S. shot up at the fastest pace in 20 months in May, fueled by a surge in gas prices, although inflation pressures were moderate in most other areas. Aston Villa remain in the hunt for a Champions League place after Nathan Delfouneso's first Premier League goal clinched a 2-1 win against Portsmouth on Sunday. Though their income fell, President Bush and his wife, Laura, paid more in federal income taxes for 2001 than for the year earlier, largely because of a loss involving a trust and a decline in their charitable giving, tax returns released by the White House on Friday show. Lebanon's emboldened opposition has stepped up pressure for parliamentary elections to take place in May and has accused pro-Syrian authorities of trying to have them postponed. Back-to-school season is in full swing. Time to pick out a backpack, sneakers and a stimulant medication for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. President Abdurrahman Wahid on Tuesday made his third Cabinet shake-up this year as he struggles to avoid impeachment by hostile lawmakers. French President Jacques Chirac on Thursday inaugurated a bronze statue of former president Charles de Gaulle in Paris, marking the 30th anniversary of de Gaulle's death.
t1945 Sagnolo was the ninth fan to die in football-related violence in recent years and the latest incident is sure to fuel further concern about a growing problem. Italian police said Tuesday they have reclaimed parts of an ancient Greek temple in southern Italy that was unearthed by construction crews who dumped or looted prized artifacts and poured cement over the ruins. Anglo-Dutch oil group Shell said Wednesday it had halted 100,000 barrels per day of output at Nigeria's EA offshore field in order to carry out repairs of key equipment. All too often the motto of Congress seems to be: Never stick your neck out for some essential but potentially divisive policy when you can go for a shallow bipartisan publicity stunt instead. Iraq's Kurdish political bloc said on Friday it had settled its differences with the election-winning Shiite list and the sides were now wooing outgoing prime minister Iyad Allawi and the country's Sunni minority. From her computer in Anchorage, Alaska, Sharon Pipino hits the ``send'' button once a month and delivers another $25 to Barack Obama's presidential campaign. Organizers of the abortive August 1991 hardline communist coup defended the uprising as an attempt to prevent the breakup of the Soviet Union, and said Wednesday at their first public appearance together in 10 years they only regretted they were reluctant to use force. Chief Minister (CM) of India' s West Bengal state Jyoti Basu Saturday night submitted his resignation to Governor Viren J. Shah shortly after the Left Front accepted his offer to retire from the office of Chief Minister on health grounds.
t819 Test cricket assumed its infamous reputation for extreme dullness as New Zealand crawled to 144 for four by lunch on the third day of their centenary test against South Africa here Monday. Xavier Carter surged ahead at the finish to top a talent-laden 200-meter field that included world 100-meter record holder Asafa Powell and Olympic and world 400-meter champion Jeremy Wariner on a misty, overcast Sunday at the Prefontaine Classic athletics meet. Greek newspapers on Monday welcomed an agreement by the eurozone to offer Greece up to 30 billion euros in emergency loans this year, with one daily saying the rescue was an "oxygen tank." Two weeks from Sunday, the final round of the 66th Masters will be played. Two weeks from Monday, people in golf circles no doubt will be buzzing about the changes to Augusta National. Afghan President Hamid Karzai in a reshuffle Wednesday transferred six provincial police chiefs, including the commander of Kandahar where people recently demonstration over a deteriorating law-and-order situation, an official said. In the cool of one recent evening, after tending to his herd of 19 camels, Puzblay Seytpembetov and four companions pushed his small single-engine boat out onto the placid waters of the Aral Sea to lay fishnets. In the morning, he predicted, he would haul in flapping carp and Vicky Bullett matched her career high with 24 points and the Washington Mystics scored the first 15 points of the second half in a 76-64 victory over the Orlando Miracle on Sunday. Queen Sirikit of the Kingdom of Thailand and her party visited Suzhou, a famous tourist city in east China's Jiangsu Province, and met with local officials today.
t8661 Jacques Medecin, former mayor of Nice and once the uncrowned king of the French Riviera, goes on trial Wednesday for the first time over allegations of multi-million dollar corruption which forced him to flee to South America. Sven-Goran Eriksson is being urged to make a quick decision on whether he wants to become Manchester City's manager under proposed new owner Thaksin Shinawatra. Three other coaches are being considered for the job. The Wall Street Journal unveiled a New York edition of the newspaper on Monday as it seeks to battle The New York Times for readers and advertising dollars on its home turf. Contaminated burritos, strawberries, spaghetti and other foods on school lunch trays are posing an increasing health risk to students, a congressional investigator told a joint House-Senate panel Tuesday. Worries over public safety topped economic concerns for the first time in seven years, a government survey released Saturday said. The Turkish government warned Thursday that a congressional committee vote labeling the mass killings of Armenians during the Ottoman Empire as genocide will "endanger relations" with the United States. Cuba's National Museum of Fine Arts reopened Wednesday after a rehabilitation of the three-building complex, which houses nearly 50,000 works dating back to the island's Spanish colonization. Colombian President Andres Pastrana and his Venezuelan counterpart, Hugo Chavez, will meet in Mexico City next Friday in an effort to mend fences between the two Andean neighbors.
t5821 Shots were fired at a French C-130 Hercules transport plane on the runway at Sarajevo airport Sunday, a UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) spokesman said here. A former fashion writer who dressed as a firefighter, bluffed his way into a former co-worker's New York apartment and sexually tortured her for 13 hours was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison on Monday. Egyptian police shot dead an Eritrean migrant on Tuesday as he tried to cross illegally into Israel, a security official said, raising to 14 the number of such fatal cases since the start of 2010. Imagine if Major League Baseball decided to make Yankee Stadium the home of its All-Star Game. Not just !ital!an!off! All-Star Game, but !ital!every!off! All-Star Game. Tens of thousands of Japanese flocked Friday to the 21st century's first World Exposition on its opening day to the public to view exhibits ranging from ancient relics to cutting edge technology. "When you are seeing this many people five or six years later, that catches everybody's attention," said Janet Levelle, the senior social worker at Stony Brook University Medical Center's Long Island World Trade Center Monitoring and Treatment Program based in Islandia and Nassau University Medical Center. The Senate gave a boost Thursday to President Bush's campaign to overhaul the nation's energy programs, upholding a decision to allow new drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. Argentina scored one goal in each half to beat Chile 2-0 Wednesday in a qualifying match of the South American group for the 2002 World Cup.
t2486 Some 500 Tibetans began a long march from this northern Indian town to New Delhi Friday to mark the 36th anniversary of a failed uprising in Tibet and to demand independence from China. The FBI is offering its expertise to Chinese authorities providing security for next year's Summer Olympics, a top agency official said Wednesday. Indian income tax officials on Thursday raided the offices of the Indian Premier League as controversy mounted over the ownership of a new cricket team, local media reported. The showcase gathering of leaders promising to improve this city's badly tattered race relations had barely ended when the newest official face in town burst from the meeting and boomed a postscript in the nearly empty corridor, ``There'll be no smoke and mirrors in getting this done.'' Bayern Munich claim they are happy to face Premiership leaders Chelsea in the quarter-finals of the Champions League pointing out their habit of coming out on top when they face English opposition in Europe. A Washington Post article about buying local products misidentified a co-owner of Green Alchemy Herb &amp; Mercantile Co. She is Sarah L. Roussos. NEW YORK (AP)_ When the wife of heavy metal god Ozzy Osbourne came up with the idea of a tour featuring the heavy hitters of metal and hard rock, the reaction from the concert industry was lukewarm, at best. The Communist Party of China ( CPC) and Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), both as the ruling parties, can cooperate in more fields, and make new contribution to promoting Sino-German relationship and friendship of the peoples of the two countries.
t7018 Mideast peace negotiators will hunker down here this weekend after three days of talks and will press on with more discussions next week, a diplomatic source said Wednesday. The United States should face commercial sanctions worth more than US$3.4 billion (euro2.5 billion) each year for its failure to comply with a World Trade Organization ruling that its Internet gambling restrictions are illegal, the Caribbean nation of Antigua and Barbuda said Wednesday. World oil prices fell on Thursday as traders focused on weak demand data from the United States, the world's biggest consumer of energy. These columns for release Thursday, April 25, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Fast and stressful living in China's most developed city Shanghai has health officials fretting about the declining quality of residents' sperm, state media said Monday. LANDOVER, Md. -- The Giants rally to take a 24-17 lead over the Redskins, who are in New York territory with less than two minutes left in the fourth quarter. Developing, expecting version from Post or Newsday. FBN-CARDINALS-RAVENS -- BALTIMORE -- Matt Stover's fourth field goal, from 46 yards Jacques Rogge, a Belgian surgeon with a pristine reputation and consensus-building style, was elected president of the International Olympic Committee. Four unidentified heavily armed men robbed Wednesday a van carrying 100,000-U.S. dollar payroll money of a garments factory in the northern Philippine province of Laguna, Philippine News Agency said.
t1763 The Japanese Government called on the United States on Wednesday to do more to solve the dollar-based foreign exchange crisis, accusing the US administraton of being unduly inactive. The Associated Press formally opened a new bureau Tuesday in Beijing to lead and coordinate the news agency's expanding coverage of China. A violent tropical storm killed at least 116 people and devastated an estimated 100,000 homes in impoverished rural areas of eastern India and Bangladesh, officials said Wednesday. The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power has revived its junket program for government and business leaders, scheduling five three-day trips to the Owens Valley and Mono Basin over the next seven months, the Daily News learned Wednesday. Japan said it has already made amends for causing "suffering" in South Korea and wanted to look to the future after Seoul accused Tokyo of colonial behavior in an escalating territorial row. Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi announced Friday that 38 of his country's top opposition leaders were being released from prison after being convicted on sedition charges in a trial that critics labeled a sham and that sparked an international outcry. Jamey Wright allowed three hits over eight innings and Mark Loretta's RBI double in the eighth broke a scoreless tie as the Milwaukee Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2-0 Tuesday. Secretary General of the Asian Football Confederation Peter Velappan said here on Saturday that a total of 16 teams instead of 12 will compete at the 2004 Asian Cup in China.
t2249 Labour's politburo voted here Thursday in favour of the return of former health minister Chaim Ramon who was thrown out of Israel's ruling party last year. A 50-ton (45-metric ton) bowhead whale caught off the Alaskan coast last month had a weapon fragment embedded in its neck that showed it survived a similar hunt -- more than a century ago. China is ready to discuss "new ideas" on Iran, a Chinese official said Tuesday amid growing global pressure to slap a fourth round of UN sanctions on Tehran. The nation's two most powerful newspapers _ and without question the two most hidebound to tradition _ are getting a little squishier. The United States unveiled a new defense strategy Friday that calls for preemptive military action against "catastrophic" threats but also stresses working more closely with other countries to prevent wars. A quiet realm greets Kim Todd as she arrives at work. Schoona, a green sea turtle rescued from frigid Canadian waters after a wrong turn somewhere south, glides by in the big tank at the Vancouver Aquarium. The lurking caimans, cousins of alligators, watch her pass, breakfast but for Original Beach Boys member Al Jardine has sued his former band mates for about $4 million, claiming they excluded him from recent concerts, his attorney said. Chen Guangyi, chairman of the NPC's Financial and Economic Committee, said draft amendments to the laws are part of the efforts China has made in the legal realm to prepare itself for the WTO entry.
t8910 Turkish troops are combing northern Iraq "cave by cave" to flush out Turkish Kurdish separatists and will make sure they can no longer use the region for cross-border raids, the army said Tuesday. Former French President Jacques Chirac is refusing to be questioned in an investigation into an apparent smear scandal during his tenure as president, his office said Friday. Salva Kiir, who leads the former rebel Sudan People's Liberation Movement, was on Monday declared head of the semi-autonomous government of south Sudan by the national election body. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Cambodia has confirmed its third fatality from the deadly bird flu virus, with an eight-year-old girl becoming the latest victim to die in the kingdom, a health official said Sunday. Of all the reasons to be intimidated by former Los Angeles Dodger Kirk Gibson -- two World Series rings, a National League MVP award, the altitude record piloting a Cessna 206, a nomination this year to the college football Hall of Fame -- I hadn't thought of the most Nepal's prime minister resigned Thursday, beset by a Maoist insurgency, a bribery scandal and recriminations over a massacre that wiped out much of the royal family. A grand laser show and fireworks preceded the opening match of the inaugural Ramadan beach football tournament in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) on Thursday.
t3283 Aliuska Lopez of Cuba then took the women's 60m hurdles in the closest finish of the championship, with just one hundredth of a second splitting the medallists. French President Nicolas Sarkozy arrived in Poland on Thursday to try to persuade Poland to drop its threats to veto a new European Union treaty meant to replace the stalled draft constitution. Beijing Olympic butterfly bronze medallist Takeshi Matsuda posted his first men's 200-metre freestyle title at the national swimming championships on Friday. Days after he was chosen to head the Los Angeles Police Department in August 1997 -- with the L.A. riots just a few years behind and challenge of reform ahead -- Bernard C. Parks commented on his decision to go for the job. Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat on Monday slammed Israel's determination to expand Jewish settlements in the West Bank, saying it torpedoed efforts to revive the Middle East peace process. President Bush on Thursday rejected raising the gasoline tax by a few cents to pay for repairs to hundreds of aging U.S. bridges, accusing members of Congress of squandering previous highway funding on pet projects. Lance Armstrong was jeered not once but twice by cycling fans before Saturday's start of the Tour de France, which he hopes to win for the third straight year. Xinhua is releasing dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major Chinese regions in the first three quarters of this year.
t5367 Bad weather forced the space shuttle Endeavour to push back its attempt to return to Earth Friday, and space agency officials said the craft may remain aloft another day unless skies clear. The top American diplomat in Jerusalem said the United States will fully support the new government of moderate Palestinian Mahmoud Abbas while at the same time work to avoid a humanitarian disaster in the Gaza Strip following Hamas' violent takeover there. Brazil said Tuesday it was delaying for a further 60 days the imposition of 830 million dollars' worth of permitted penalties on US imports pending talks to resolve a dispute on cotton subsidies. Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve chairman, said on Wednesday that he is in no rush to raise interest rates because he wants to take more time to assess the strength and sustainability of the economic recovery. Kyrgyzstan's two main opposition leaders entered the main government compound in the capital after it was overrun Thursday with rock-throwing, stick-wielding demonstrators, according to an AFP reporter on the scene. Here's hoping that members of Congress got some rest on their summer vacation, that they will return to Washington refreshed and wiser and ready to come up with a national energy policy that makes sense. The mother of A.J. McLean of the Backstreet Boys says she's proud of her son for seeking treatment for depression and alcohol abuse. Secretary General of Organization of African Unity Salim Ahmed Salim has expressed concern over continuing hostilities and tension along the border between Guinea and Liberia.
t7405 Governor Pete Wilson announced Thursday a committee to raise funds and support for a 1996 Republican presidential bid, but stopped short of announcing his candidacy. One homeless man tried in vain to sleep on a park bench. Two others swallowed their pride as they went into restaurants, broke but hungry. With no bathroom available, another one used the woods. Two supporters of a defeated candidate for the governorship of Unity state in oil-rich south Sudan were shot dead by police on Friday during protests, a security official told AFP. A 70-year-old war veteran hoping to give his old drinking buddy a decent burial helped topple the lavish life that a former courthouse clerk had created for himself by pilfering from the dead. The US Supreme Court analyzed on Monday whether the United States must heed an international court order to review the death sentences of 51 Mexicans who had been denied consular aid. Pakistan's chief justice ordered the release of hundreds of jailed opposition activists Thursday, while President Pervez Musharraf formally jumped into the race for another term despite a candidacy that remains in legal limbo. Divers pulled the bodies of three men from the Ohio River on Monday as rescuers searched for three other men missing since their small boat collided with a line of barges in dense fog. A senior official of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) Friday made sure that the preparations for the 2004 Games in Athens are on track and Athens will be the host city for the 2004 Olympics.
t9600 The opposition, Forum Party of Zimbabwe (FPZ) on Thursday defended its decision not to join an opposition boycott of next month's general election, saying that winning seats in parliament would enable the FPZ to challenge the country's "defective" laws. The Israeli military said late Sunday that an Israeli aircraft targeted at a car in Gaza City, the first such attack since the Islamic group overran Gaza earlier this month. Iran must guarantee its nuclear programme has "non-military aims," Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim said Tuesday while urging Tehran and world powers to show "flexibility" over an atomic fuel deal. Many times over the last two years, Toshinori Kusuhashi looked up from the assembly line at Mazda Motor's Hofu factory in western Japan to see the company's energetic young American president, Mark Fields. US President George W. Bush was set to give Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon a public show of support for his plan to leave the Gaza Strip at a summit here Monday after a bout of deadly violence in the territory. Literature will outpace us, like the cockroaches. After all the tinkering is done, the biggering and bettering , the rebuilding and ruining, we will have only books like William Trevor's new collection, "Cheating at Canasta," to remind us how serious, noble, painful and happy human life once was. Trevor's The governments of Britain and Ireland have nearly completed a plan for ending the political crisis in Northern Ireland, the Irish foreign minister said Friday as violence flared once again in the troubled British territory. Some 15 percent of sub-Saharan Africa's 738 domestic breeds are at risk while Asia and Pacific may lose 10 percent of its 1,251 breeds, FAO said in a report released Tuesday.
t7321 Cyprus said Thursday that six French missiles delivered in October would be shown in a military parade here, backing France's denial that it had organised a secret arms shipment to Iran through the island. The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Wednesday to extend the U.N. peacekeeping mission along the Israeli-Syrian border and called on both countries to immediately implement a 1973 resolution calling for negotiations to establish "a just and durable Middle East." Political leaders and the cream of the world sport's governing elite have paid tribute to Juan Antonio Samaranch, the former International Olympic Committee chief who died on Wednesday. Nine years ago at a meeting in New Orleans, Roman Catholic bishops in the United States met to discuss a national policy to stop priests from sexually abusing children. The United Nations on Tuesday said the powerful earthquake off the Indonesian coast happened in shallow waters, "which is a dangerous development," amid fears of another Asian tsunami disaster. The nonbinding measure sponsored by Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr., D-Del. -- which supports a so-called "federal system" that would divide Iraq into sectarian-dominated regions -- won unusually broad bipartisan support, passing 75-23. U.S. Olympic bobsledder John Kasper, who also is an assistant coach with the NFL's Minnesota Vikings, has been suspended from the sport for two years after failing a drug test, the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency said Monday. Shenzhen, south China's Special Economic Zone (SEZ), has set up an "environmental veto" system to give priority to environmental protection in the urban development process.
t8714 Dianne Wiest, the gracefully aging, egocentric 1920's diva of Woody Allen's hit comedy "Bullets Over Broadway," won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar Monday for the second time in her career. President George W. Bush on Friday pressed upon Vietnam's president the importance of having a strong commitment to human rights and democracy during the first visit by a president of the communist-led country to the White House since the Vietnam War. Greek MP Athanasios Plevris presented a list of matches which are currently being investigated by the Supreme Court for suspected match-fixing in the Greek Parliament on Monday. Two of the most controversial issues in medical research moved to the forefront of the congressional agenda Tuesday, with a leading Republican, Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, joining a key Democrat, Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts, in support of a bill that would allow scientists to clone human Britain's Prince Charles and bride Camilla were married Saturday, emerging from a private civil ceremony with wedding rings visible on their fingers. Tucked between Warner Brothers lot and Disney's headquarters, the departing NBC Studios has sound stages, TV studios, executive offices and acres of room for expansion -- zoned and ready for another entertainment enterprise. Hooded gunmen identifying themselves as right-wing paramilitary fighters forced their way into a youth detention center on Wednesday and took away 10 minors as war recruits, officials said. The loan would help create the conditions for economic growth in Jamaica by supporting financial sector restructuring and improving public debt management, the bank said.
t6173 Turkey Monday closed its border with Iraq for two weeks as some 35,000 Turkish troops poured into northern Iraq to destroy camps set up by the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), a military official in Cizre, southeast Turkey said. Only a few matches into a comeback from 11 months on the sidelines, Harry Kewell claims he is 100 percent fit and ready to fire for Australia in the Asian Cup. At least 55 people, including 15 police, were hurt Wednesday in clashes here between police and Bosnian war veterans protesting benefit cuts demanded by the International Monetary Fund, medics and police said. Twelve years after the reunification of Germany, the anger and disillusionment here in the eastern state of Saxony-Anhalt is as unavoidable as the empty factory buildings. US President George W. Bush told Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh by telephone Friday that Washington has cleared the sale of F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan, according to a senior US official. One of the most difficult questions posed by the subprime mortgage meltdown is who , if anyone, the government should be trying to help. First-time home buyers misled by mortgage brokers are more sympathetic than, say, borrowers or lenders who deliberately took on outsized risks, but it's hard to Weighing little more than two pounds each, America's first septuplets since 1997 lay in critical condition Friday, attended by teams of doctors and nurses watching their every breath and movement. China's renowned economist Li Yining Saturday called upon Chinese lawyers to enhance reform in their trade to better meet the challenges they will face after China enters the World Trade Organization (WTO).
t1210 The dollar stabilised in late New York trading Monday, but at rock- bottom levels after two days of plunging on world markets which pushed the mark and the yen to post-World War II highs. A U.S. Air Force airman died of a non-combat-related injury Monday in the Persian Gulf region, the Air Force reported, without releasing details on the cause of death. Kenya will not object to a decision by national star swimmer Achieng Ajulu- Bushell to be allowed to compete for Britain, a National Olympic Committee of Kenya (NOCK) official said on Tuesday. Gunmen in the West Bank killed 11 Palestinians suspected of being informers for Israel on Monday, signaling a crumbling of internal law and order under the pressure of a widening Israeli military offensive. South Korea on Thursday accused Japan of still acting like its colonial ruler by claiming a chain of rocky islets controlled by Seoul. Charles Tisdale purchased an innocuous, nearly defunct weekly newspaper paper in 1978, transformed it into a strident voice for blacks and poor whites in Mississippi, then endured the wrath of those who wanted to silence the paper -- and him. A preliminary vote count shows three candidates representing Weyerhaeuser Co. won seats on the board of directors of timber rival Willamette Industries, both companies said Monday. Sri Lankan police have decided to tighten security in Colombo, the capital, following reports that a large number of separatist Tamil Tiger suicide bombers have infiltrated the capital to target senior government officials.
t1490 Spanish Interior and Justice Minister Juan Alberto Belloch admitted Tuesday that forged documents had been used to extradite a fugitive police chief from Laos but insisted his arrest was legal. Orphaned in the Vietnam War and adopted in the United States, Tami Herman knew she did not look like the other kids. She desperately wanted to fit in. At least one Palestinian was killed and another severely wounded in a gunbattle early Tuesday between Islamic Jihad fighters and the Israeli army in the central Gaza Strip, medics said. Although lefty Kazuhisa Ishii remains uncomfortable on the mound and unable to find the strike zone with regularity, Dodgers manager Jim Tracy said Ishii will make his first major-league start Saturday against the Colorado Rockies. The Bulgarian press called Thursday for the former communist country to withdraw its 462 troops from Iraq before the end of 2005, following Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's call for the gradual withdrawal of Italy's contingent. Are we allowed to mention how lovely and good-spirited a new TV actress seems? We hope so, because we want to say this about NBC's ``Bionic Woman,'' Michelle Ryan. She thoroughly impressed us during the show's panel to promote what NBC is hoping will be a big hit. Jennifer Capriati kept her Grand Slam dream alive Tuesday with a dramatic comeback from near-defeat to a dominating finish against Serena Williams. China dismissed Wednesday rumors of abdication of bidding for the 2004 Asian Cup after they got the nod to stage the 2003 Women's World Cup finals from FIFA, top Chinese official said.
t6807 Dozens of Hutus fled the working-class Bwiza neighbourhood of Bujumbura on Wednesday as soldiers of the Tutsi-dominated army patrolled the streets after murderous clashes. Jurors in Phil Spector's murder trial viewed pictures of actress Lana Clarkson's face, blood oozing from her mouth and nose, as a forensic analyst described her wounds. The latest episode of satirical cartoon show "South Park" has been censored after a radical Muslim group threatened the show's creators for their depiction of the Prophet Mohammed. Republican John Cornyn and Democrat Ron Kirk are among the top three nonincumbent candidates for the U.S. Senate in terms of fund-raising so far this year, signaling that the race to replace Phil Gramm could be the most expensive Senate race of 2002. Hollywood and the music industry face off against the heavy hitters of the high-tech industry in a Supreme Court hearing Tuesday seen as a crucial test of free use of technology and the battle against digital piracy. The California Department of Public Health said testing found increased lead levels in three lunch boxes, which were made in China. They are green canvas and bear a logo that says, "Eat fruits &amp; vegetables and be active." Officials urged the public to stop using the roughly 56,000 boxes Hundreds of people gathered on a dusty soccer field Sunday to mark the official start of campaigning in East Timor's first national elections. Olympique Marseille assistant coach Christophe Galtier took over as the interim coach of the ailing French first division team on Monday.
t7168 Share prices here jumped higher on Thursday morning, underpinned by a rally in the futures market, and by inflation statistics in line with expectations, dealers said. Carrefour SA, the world's second-largest retailer, said Wednesday it would shut 16 of its GB stores in Belgium and cut 900 jobs. A Russian poster meant to honour World War II veterans has sparked outrage after it was mistakenly printed with images of Nazi soldiers instead of Soviet troops, a report said Thursday. In late January, Edward Abington met with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in his Ramallah headquarters for more than three hours to tell him ``why the Bush administration didn't trust'' Arafat. The Russian cosmonaut and US astronaut manning the International Space Station made a four and a half hour space walk Monday to fix radio antennae to the orbiter and manually launch a small science satellite, Russian ground control told AFP. about bun-building workouts and 100-mile bike rides and, most of all, about how important it is to dress for the occasion. Talks between the leaders of India and Pakistan were deadlocked late Monday when both sides failed to reach an agreement on a joint declaration over the disputed Himalayan province of Kashmir. Salim Ahmed Salim, secretary general of the Organization of African Unity (OAU), Thursday urged military leaders of Guinea-Bissau to show due respect of national constitution and to solve political disputes with the government through dialogue.
t8217 Talks between Russian and Chechen commanders at the frontline village of Tsotsin Yurt proved fruitless Sunday and a new battle seemed inevitable. A federal judge has signed off on a commitment by Chevron Phillips Chemical Co. to buy 1,650 acres of wetlands and donate it to the Big Thicket National Preserve in eastern Texas, ending a 13-year lawsuit, the two sides said Thursday. Americans and Europeans failed Friday to convince G20 partners to approve a financial sector tax aimed at reimbursing bail-outs of banks that sparked the global economic crisis. FONTANA, Calif. - California has not been kind to NASCAR legend Bill Elliott. His finish Sunday might turn good fortune his way. Eighteen miners who were trapped in a coal mine in southwest China after a gas explosion Tuesday have been confirmed dead, the official State Administration of Work Safety's website reported Friday. The controversy over Blackwater USA's role in a Sept. 16 shooting, and broader questions about oversight of private security firms in Iraq, is becoming fodder for political attacks among 2008 presidential candidates. Police say they will release a list of Web sites Chandra Levy searched just before disappearing. The hope is if she followed up by going to one of the places she looked at on the Internet someone might have seen her. Peter Taylor will be named the England manager for the friendly with Spain -- and he will pick the team, reports said here on Tuesday.
t4700 Russian planes overnight bombed the road leading from the west into this town south of Grozny in what residents said was the first nightime airstrikes here. The U.S. should talk with Nepal's former rebels who Washington still considers terrorists despite their joining mainstream politics, former U.S. president Jimmy Carter said Saturday. The United States marked the 15th anniversary of its deadliest domestic terror attack Monday amid rising political tensions and anti-government sentiment. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Tuesday, April 16, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. This budget contains most of our technology stories for the week. The eurozone's seasonally adjusted current account surplus rose in January to 3.2 billion euros (4.2 billion dollars) from 2.8 billion euros in December, the European Central Bank said on Wednesday. After serving two weeks of reserve duty in Iraq, Sen. Lindsey O. Graham, R-S.C., Monday called for continuation of the "surge" of U.S. troops in Iraq and warned that any decision to mandate a withdrawal this year would undercut critical gains made in recent months. Fiji's High Court cleared the way for fresh elections by refusing Wednesday to fire an interim government installed last year after a nationalist coup. The Third China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition closed today in the port city of Zhuhai in south China's Guangdong Province.
t6931 British tobacco and insurance giant BAT Industries said Wednesday it had "lost confidence" in KL Chugh, the chairman of its 31 percent- owned Indian affiliate ITC, and believes he should resign. A computer simulation of the 2001 World Trade Center attacks supports a federal agency's findings that the initial impact from the hijacked airplanes stripped away crucial fireproofing material and that the weakened towers collapsed under their own weight. The capture of Al-Qaeda in Iraq's Baghdad chief six weeks ago triggered a series of events that culminated in the killing of the jihadist network's top commanders, a security official said on Thursday. A survey of 2000 Latino, African American and Asian American Californians shows that the state's ethnic media has deep penetration into minority communities _ which now comprise the majority in the state _ and that marketers would be prudent to pursue those markets. As Kyrgyzstan clears up from a massive wave of looting that followed president Askar Akayev's sudden overthrow last week, the Uighur traders who criss-cross this Central Asian country's border bringing consumer goods from China remain deeply apprehensive. The Yankees' focus now is squarely on extending the 2007 season as long as possible, but when the season is over, be it two or six weeks from now, they will have an unusually large number of personnel decisions to resolve -- major personnel decisions. 840 words, by Kat Jason Giambi homered and singled in the go-ahead run as the Oakland Athletics beat the Colorado Rockies 6-3 on Sunday. Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi Wednesday bade farewell at the State House here to 1,038 Kenyan soldiers to be leaving for Sierra Leone and East Timor to join the U.N. sponsored peace-keeping missions.
t6322 A 34-year veteran of the Bolshoi ballet announced her resignation Tuesday in the latest turn in a dispute over the ouster of its director. All ProTour cyclists will be asked to sign a declaration before the Tour de France saying they are not involved in doping and agreeing to pay a year's salary on top of their two-year ban if found guilty of drug use. Gas-rich Qatar and Cyprus are to jointly build a luxury hotel and shopping complex in Nicosia, under six agreements signed in the Cypriot capital on Wednesday, officials said. It may not seem an exactly auspicious way to start a job, coming in to lead the Long Wharf Theater in New Haven, Conn., after the previous artistic director clashed with the board and quit. A US Marine was killed in action Friday in the western Iraqi province of Al Anbar, the US Army announced in a statement Saturday. It's too soon to know for sure if O.J. Simpson and a gun-wielding entourage barged into a Las Vegas hotel room Thursday night to retrieve stolen memorabilia, or if an unarmed Simpson and company merely knocked and requested that his items be returned. A judge said he didn't believe the apology of a man convicted of throwing a small dog to its death in traffic and sentenced him to three-year prison term, the maximum. Two Palestinian policemen and a teenager were killed during two separate clashes with the Israeli troops in Gaza Strip on Sunday morning, a Palestinian source said.
t7592 Jardine International Motor Holdings Ltd. said Friday net profit rose 11 percent on the previous year to 81.5 million US dollars in the year to December, thanks to strong performances in Hong Kong, Britain and France. Josefa Etxeberria scored two goals to help a select side from the Spanish Basque region beat Venezuela 4-3 in an international friendly Wednesday. India's largest private sector firm, Reliance Industries, said Friday its sales more than doubled but net profit rose only 30 percent in its fourth quarter due to pressure on its refining margins. It took six months, the hiring of a prestigious recruiting firm and a nationwide search, but in the end UCLA didn't have to go far to find its new athletic director. The school went 50 miles south on the San Diego Freeway to find UC Irvine athletic director Dan Authorities on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius on Tuesday cancelled a tsunami alert issued late Monday after an underwater earthquake measuring over 8.0 on the Richter scale struck off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. The Bush administration will not stand in the way of Libya's bid to join the U.N. Security Council, senior U.S. officials said, paving the way for Tripoli's full diplomatic rehabilitation at the United Nations. A drug and alcohol rehabilitation clinic has received three offers from television producers wanting to make a reality show like ``Big Brother'' about its residents. Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji said here Saturday that China's entry into the WTO means more opportunities for countries of the Association of the Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
t7177 Daily broadcasts of a program by the Japanese sect linked to the subway attack in Tokyo have been cancelled by the state-owned Russian radio station Mayak, an official at the station said Thursday. Iran's top nuclear negotiator, Ali Larijani, will meet the head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency this week as part of a push for a new round of talks over Tehran's disputed nuclear program, an Iranian nuclear official said Wednesday. The three parties that form a majority in Armenia's parliament are halting ratification of a landmark accord on normalising relations with Turkey, they said in a statement on Thursday. Tyco International's push to sell off its plastics business has run into delays, raising questions about the company's larger plan to break itself up and possibly jeopardizing its ability to retire debt coming due within months. Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi urged Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday to make his pending visit to Japan soon to discuss a territorial dispute which has long clouded relations. Pumpkin ale has a quaint ring to the name, as though it ought to be quaffed from leather tankards at Renaissance fairs by village rogues and saucy wenches. A white farmer was detained on suspicion of running over and killing a black man who was illegally occupying his farm, police said Monday, the latest death in a campaign to seize white-owned land. The police chief of the Philippines Thursday relieved a senior police officer who was suspected of exposing alleged demoralization in the police force in the midst of a political crisis hitting the country.
t5325 The board of troubled French telecoms giant Alcatel Alsthom will fire chief executive Pierre Suard if he loses an appeal against draconian bail terms which prevent him from running the group, the centre-left daily Liberation reported Friday. Fausto Carmona pitched seven-plus innings to help the Cleveland Indians avoid a three-game sweep with a 5-2 win over the Atlanta Braves on Sunday. Pope Benedict XVI wept as he met Maltese victims of the paedophile priest scandals rocking the Roman Catholic Church on Sunday and expressed his own "shame and sorrow." WASHINGTON --Both houses of Congress have major votes scheduled Thursday that reflect ideological differences between Republicans and Democrats and are likely to be replayed in this fall's elections. The Nigerian government, oil firms and the two oil workers unions are to meet next week for talks to avert a planned warning strike that may disrupt exports of crude oil from the west African giant, union and government officials said Thursday. Before there was flushed-faced longing for Balenciaga shoulder bags and status in carrying a Chloe Paddington, before Miuccia Prada transformed a nylon backpack into a symbol of wealth or the Fendi baguette became a plot point on "Sex and the City," there were Coach handbags. The politically charged violence that killed 25 people in four days made no difference to the vacation plans of Texan Brett Balmarez. Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat Tuesday night urged Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak to implement the ceasefire provisions of the Sharm el Sheikh understandings reached between the two sides in Egypt last month.
t8431 Success was particularly sweet for the Harare club, who were forced to spend 10 hours in a hotel foyer after their midnight arrival while the Egyptian match commissioner battled to arrange adequate accommodation. Forget the TV remote: A new technology in Japan could let you control electronic devices without lifting a finger simply by reading brain activity. Schalke 04 coach Felix Magath hit back at Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich on Sunday as the war of words escalated between the two sides bidding for the league title with just two games left. The vans pulled up at the Leben Home for Adults in the Elmhurst section of Queens, collecting the mentally ill residents who had been led outside and told to take a seat. Among them were Robert Dowling, who communicates in half-sentences and twitches; his roommate, Robert Fazio, who cannot A 20-year-old Swiss girl has been arrested with her Nigerian boyfriend for allegedly attempting to smuggle some parcels of cocaine out of the west African country, officials said Friday. Among so much about American politics that can impress or depress a friendly transatlantic observer, there's nothing more astonishing than this: Why on Earth should Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton be the front-runner for the presidency? Microsoft Corp. said Wednesday that it will ask for a new hearing on whether the company illegally bundled code for Web browsing software with that of its dominant Windows desktop operating system. French President Jacques Chirac on Tuesday held a two-hour meeting with Austrian Chancellor Wolfgang Schussel in Vienna during his tour of the European Union (EU) capitals before December's summit in Nice, which will discuss EU institutional reforms.
t2621 Alan Sugar will not make any fresh moves to persuade Gerry Francis to sign a new Spurs contract - and end speculation linking him with arch- rivals Arsenal. Hamas and Fatah gunmen exchanged fire Wednesday in the West Bank city of Nablus and a nearby refugee camp, after Fatah gunmen tried to storm a pro-Hamas TV production company. China cut its US Treasury bond holdings in February to the lowest level in at least nine months, according to Treasury report on international capital data Thursday. NTL, the British cable company that is restructuring $17 billion in debt, is close to a deal that would have bondholders take control of the company, people involved in the talks said. Tens of thousands of Israelis marched through the streets of Tel Aviv late Saturday in a massive rally in support of the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip later this year, the organisers and an AFP correspondent said. If someone told you that in six weeks you would be competing in a triathlon, would you even know what that was? A U.S. Air Force sergeant suspected of raping a woman on Okinawa island arrived at a police station here Friday, but the U.S. ambassador said talks on his handover were still under way. Over 70 percent of Chinese households in cities are planning to buy cars in the next five years, according to official sources.
t9309 Four US medical experts arrived here Wednesday to help Japanese doctors treat victims of the March 20 Sarin nerve gas attack on the Tokyo subway system, a report said. Below is a list of feature stories that The Associated Press plans to move in the coming week. Questions about the stories may be addressed to the North America Desk supervisor in New York at 212-621-1650 (fax 212-621-5449 or e-mail amidesk@ap.org) or to individual bureaus in your country or Iceland's main airports closed again Tuesday, just a day after reopening to international traffic, as a cloud of volcanic ash continued to hover over the country, an aviation official said. The prospect of outside intervention, anathema to most Israelis, is a saving grace to Palestinians. On May 2 Yasser Arafat was released from his imprisonment in Ramallah, courtesy of a model he wants applied throughout the occupied territories: the insertion of foreign security men. Any international force would have New York Yankees pitcher Carl Pavano was struck in the head Sunday by a line drive in the third inning of a Major League Baseball game against Baltimore. International: SYRIA-NUCLEAR -- WASHINGTON -- Syria has begun dismantling the remains of a site Israel bombed Sept. 6 in what might be an attempt to prevent the location from coming under international scrutiny, said U.S. and foreign officials familiar with the aftermath of the attack. 865 words, by Robin Damion Easley hit a bases-loaded triple and drove in four runs, Jose Lima pitched his first complete game in more than two years and the Detroit Tigers roughed up Andy Pettitte and the New York Yankees 11-2 Thursday night. Over 50 people have been admitted to hospital following an outbreak of Tuberculosis (TB) in parts of Mbarara and Bushenyi districts in southwestern Uganda, the New Vision newspaper reported on Monday.
t9830 Ecuador and Peru have begun to pull back their troops from the undemarcated border area they fought over in January and February, an Ecuadoran diplomat said. Gold closed at US$651.65 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, down 80 U.S. cents an ounce from Friday's close of US$652.45. Inter Milan reached the Champions League final on Wednesday, beating Barcelona 3-2 on aggregate in their semi-final despite losing the second leg 1-0 and playing an hour of the game with 10 men. Eyes glaring, he came barreling down the lane bound only for the basket. The ball in his right hand, he soared and dunked with uncommon force, screaming in vindication. The EU said Monday it still hoped for an amicable solution to a row with the US over aid to aircraft makers Boeing and Airbus, but warned talks cannot drag on as a deadline passed with no deal in view. First, the upstart Christian video site became the nation's fastest-growing Web property for August, according to ComScore's Media Metrix. Its 1.7 million unique visitors represented a 973 percent increase in traffic over the previous month. In September, the number of visitors leveled off, but the length of the average Gary McCord and Dana Quigley shot 7-under 65s Friday to share the first-round lead in the SBC Senior Open, while Bruce Lietzke struggled to a 74 in his senior debut. Egyptian Prime Minister Atef Obeid met here Wednesday evening with visiting Iraqi Minister of Trade Mohammad Salah to discuss ways of expanding economic relations.
t3322 Prime Minister Lamberto Dini hopes to settle a long running row over a proposed interim budget this week when the lower house of the Italian parliament votes on the budget Tuesday. Cambodian leader Hun Sen said Thursday he hopes for a speedy start to genocide trials for former Khmer Rouge leaders, as observers warned that the U.N.-backed tribunal faces more obstacles. The funeral of Polish president Lech Kaczynski will go ahead despite the cloud of volcanic ash that has disrupted air traffic and threatens the arrival of foreign leaders, a senior presidential aide said Friday. Ultimately, the season is Shaquille O'Neal's to dictate. For his sore wrist to navigate and his bad toe to carry. And when any piece of O'Neal falters, the Los Angeles Lakers will quiver and a city will get antsy. The prime ministers of Turkey and Greece, Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Costas Karamanlis, will meet Monday in Brussels to discuss the Cyprus conflict, a major stumbling block in Turkey's EU membership bid, and bilateral ties, a Turkish diplomat said. On Aug. 14-15, 1976, two teams in Monticello, N.Y., played a softball game that lasted 365 innings. Gager's Diner and Bend'n Elbow Tavern started play at 10 a.m. and continued until rain and fog caused the game to be called at 4 p.m. the next day. (Gager's won, 491-467.) Investigators have so far uncovered the bodies of 150 ethnic Albanians killed in Kosovo and buried in mass graves outside the province and are searching for hundreds more, Serbia's interior minister said. Guatemala and Belize will discuss their territorial disputes at a meeting of the Organization of American States (OAS) in the United States, according to a report from Guatemala City.
t5014 Student unrest hit tertiary institutions across South Africa Thursday as political leaders warned that a growing education crisis was posing a challenge to President Nelson Mandela's authority. Alejandro Moreno scored on a diving header in the 85th minute to help the Columbus Crew salvage a 3-3 tie with the New England Revolution on Saturday night in Major League Soccer. Relief supplies poured into a remote Tibetan region in northwest China Monday as two women and a girl were rescued from the rubble more than five days after a quake that has killed nearly 2,000. Staley Thomas McBrayer, a former newspaper publisher and developer of the newspaper offset press, a device that revolutionized the industry, died Sunday in Fort Worth. He was 92. Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe who is on the campaign trail ahead of next week's parliamentary polls, on Wednesday accused former information minister Jonathan Moyo of plotting a military coup to unseat him. Sometimes I wonder why they call the big pro tennis tournament that's going on right now the U.S. Open. Yes, the matches are played in New York City, but hardly any of the players are from the United States. A girls' soccer team was suspended for the fall season after parents berated and threatened a teen-age referee as she left the field last month. The Republic of Korea: total, 25.193 billion U.S. dollars, up 44.7 percent; exports, 8.168 billion U.S. dollars, up 52.9 percent; imports, 17.024 billion U.S. dollars, up 41.1 percent.
t5299 China is to double investment for resettlement of residents of the Three Gorges dam area in 1995, while issuing bonds to cover a capital shortfall for the massive project this year, an official said Friday. Gunfire sounded throughout the central Niger town of Agadez on Sunday, residents said. It was unclear who was behind the shooting, which continued for about two hours. Eight Pacific island nations that control an area where more a quarter of the world's tuna is caught are meeting this week with the aim of tightening conservation measures. Tavis Smiley has a considerable talent for summing up the issues of the day, and recently _ during a brief hole in his schedule at 6:30 a.m. _ he did not disappoint. The parents of Terri Schiavo, a brain-damaged Florida woman who has been in a persistent vegetative state for the past 15 years, appealed late Wednesday to the US Supreme Court, seeking an order to resume their daughter's feeding through a tube, a court official said. Cheese makers claim that the current formula, changed four years ago when dairies were struggling with low milk prices, could drive smaller plants out of business because it raises the cost of making cheese in a competitive market where it is hard to recoup the added expense. Buoyed by a better than expected harvest, state agriculture officials have released a more optimistic forecast for this year's wheat crop: 327.6 million bushels. Brazil's Veteran striker Romario, who has scored seven goals in last two internationals, was forced to withdraw from their team on Monday after being injured in training in Sao Paulo.
t5836 Paul Ince was unlikely to be dropped from the England squad on Monday for the friendly against Uruguay days before a court apperance on assault charges. The former chief of Enron Corp.'s high-speed Internet unit, who turned government witness and testified in the trial of former Enron CEO Jeffrey Skilling and company founder Kenneth Lay, was sentenced Monday to 27 months in prison. Prime Minister Saad Hariri has likened Israel's charges of Scud missile transfers to its Hezbollah foes in Lebanon to the fallacy over mass destruction weapons that led to the invasion of Iraq. For years, Turkey has complained about the European Union's failure to include the Kurdistan Workers' Party on its list of terrorist outfits. This amounts, they claim, to E.U. backing for a Kurdish state carved out of Turkey. Japan, on the eve of a visit by French President Jacques Chirac, said Friday that the lifting of the EU arms embargo on China being pushed by France would be a "big problem" for Asian stability. Twenty percent of drugs accounted for 87.1 percent of adverse effects, and the biggest offenders were painkillers and drugs that modify the immune system to treat arthritis, according to the report in the Archives of Internal Medicine. Pedro Martinez may not pitch again until late August because of his ailing right shoulder, an examination showed Thursday in a further setback for the banged-up Boston Red Sox. China is to introduce laws and regulations to protect the historical heritage of cities in its current drive for urban construction.
t9079 The Security Council is not going to approve UN intervention in Burundi Tuesday, though Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali has asked it to prepare for the possibility, western diplomats and UN officials said. Thierry Henry says one of the main reasons behind his proposed move from Arsenal to Barcelona is Arsene Wenger's uncertain future at the English club. Crisis-hit automaker Toyota on Monday said global sales surged 26.3 percent year-on-year in March, despite millions of safety recalls worldwide. After a seven-month investigation into the collapse of the World Trade Center left open more questions than it answered, federal officials proposed on Wednesday that an expansive new effort determine exactly why the towers fell and how other buildings might be protected. Kyrgyzstan's interim foreign minister Rosa Otunbayeva arrived in Moscow Sunday amid continuing tensions in the Central Asian ex-Soviet republic following the sudden toppling of its veteran leader. Chances for a U.S. resolution calling the mass killings of Armenians that began in 1915 genocide eroded dramatically Tuesday night, as sponsors dropped off in droves and senior Democrats urged House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., to abandon her support. A program in Thailand to test and treat women for the AIDS virus reduced the risk of mother-to-child transmission by two-thirds, offering a model for other developing nations, the U.S. government said Thursday. Twenty-six cities along the longest river in China launched an initiative here Sunday to join efforts to better protect the Yangtze.
t6133 Chanel customers will have to invest in a new jacket for next winter if they want to look up to the minute. A 15-year-old boy fatally shot one sheriff's deputy and seriously wounded another outside his home, and police believed they had cornered him, authorities said. Montenegro on Wednesday charged seven former army and police officers with crimes against humanity allegedly committed against Muslim civilians in the early 1990s, prosecution said. The old oil crisis: You drive the family car, a Ford Country Squire station wagon, to the new Exxon station (changed from Esso in the early 1970s). But you've got an odd-numbered license plate and it's an even-numbered day. You can always drive less, but that means staying home, At least 18 people were killed in a raging fire at Ghana's main port at Tema on Friday that threatened serious damage to a major conduit for imports and exports from west Africa, port officials said. During Islam's sacred month of Ramadan, U.S. Muslims are stepping up holiday charity toward non-Muslims to counter anti-Islamic sentiment since the Sept. 11 attacks, experts said. An Agriculture Department agency used inflated numbers to make a rural housing program look more successful and persuaded Congress to more than double funding to $100 million a year, investigators say. A Bulgarian plane landed at the Saddam International Airport in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad on Saturday to show solidarity with the sanctions-hit nation.
t8995 At least 150 people have died in an outbreak of meningitis that has swept the west African country of Mali since January, health services said Tuesday. Carlos Zambrano matched his Major League Baseball career-high with 12 strikeouts to lead the Chicago Cubs over the White Sox 5-1 on Friday, their crosstown rival's 20th loss in 25 games. EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton said she hopes to gain the support of European foreign ministers Monday on the broad plans for a new diplomatic service to represent Europe globally. Talks broke down on Wednesday between Arthur Andersen and the creditors and shareholders of Enron, who had sued the firm for signing off on Enron's erroneous financial statements. The parties were unable to agree on how to divide any payment by Andersen, people close to the negotiations said. The Pakistani consul in Iraq disappeared in Baghdad Saturday after attending prayers at a local mosque, a Pakistani diplomat said. For CNN medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta, the story of Earth's fluctuating environment is best told through its effect on humans. The staff of a presidential commission charged with proposing stock market investment options for Social Security is making the case in a draft report, saying the system cannot meet future retirement benefit obligations and actually has no real assets to do so. The government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) is to spend some 8 billion HK dollars (1.02 billion U.S. dollars) on construction of water treatment and supply facilities over the next five years in its commitment to providing adequate and quality water supply to meet the demands
t4954 A prominent southern Indian chief minister, K. Karunakaran, resigned Thursday, bowing to demands for his ouster by other parties backing his 45-month-old Congress (I) party-led coalition government. President Nicolas Sarkozy looked set to win a powerful majority in Sunday's runoff elections for parliament to push through his reform-driven renaissance of a morose France. The only question was the size of the victory -- large or massive. Eight people were killed on Monday when a 5.3-magnitude earthquake hit a remote area of central Afghanistan, disaster management officials said. These business stories for release Wednesday, April 17, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. A soldier was seriously wounded in a shootout in the Central African Republic between presidential guards and other soldiers protecting a former president and election rival, witnesses said Wednesday. U.S. and European officials suspect that Iran's civilian nuclear energy program masks a clandestine effort to obtain technology that could be used in the making of an atomic bomb. They have threatened to impose a fourth round of sanctions on Tehran when the U.N. Security Council takes up the The Salt Lake City Games could be the first Olympics where each athlete must pass a drug test before competing. WUHAN, November 13 (Xinhua) --The sixth China International Food Fair will open on December 12 in Wuhan, one of the major cities in the middle reaches of Yangtze River.
t9306 Greek Public Order Minister Stelios Papathemelis resigned Wednesday as a general strike by 700,000 shopworkers and tradesmen crippled the country. Heavy rains and thunderstorms lashed Pakistan's southern city of Karachi, killing at least 20 people and injuring dozens of others, police and rescue officials said. China announced Tuesday that it had lifted travel restrictions for foreigners with HIV and AIDS ahead of the 2010 Expo. When Larry Zicklin, the president of the UJA-Federation of New York, a Jewish charity, thought in early March that he might organize a package tour to Israel, few people seemed interested. But after the Passover killings on March 27, and with reports of a rising wave of anti-Semitism in The Israeli army plans to confiscate the arms of Jewish settlers in four West Bank settlements that are to be evacuated in July, a senior security official told Israeli public radio Sunday on condition of anonymity. And again not too far away, at 88 E. Broadway beneath the Manhattan bridge, where vendors chatter in Mandarin and Fujianese as they hawk rubber sandals and bargain-basement clothes. Qualcomm Stadium's big bangs weren't as bad as originally feared, and the San Diego Padres will have their lights back Friday night. The ruling Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front (ZANU-PF) needs to mobilize the working class and the unemployed youths to ensure a landslide victory in the presidential elections scheduled for 2002, an official was quoted as saying by a local newspaper on Monday.
t1015 South African men diagnosed to have the virus that leads to AIDS are allegedly raping children in the belief that this will cure them of the killer disease, the Sowetan newspaper reported Monday. Iranian officials confirmed Monday that a rescue helicopter crashed in an area of southeastern Iran hard hit by last week's cyclone, but said there were no casualties, the official IRNA news agency reported. Immigration reform legislation is not on the agenda for the upcoming weeks in the US Congress, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Tuesday. Q. I am a 45-year-old woman who is starting late to save for her retirement. My goal is to maintain the lifestyle I now have after I retire. I would like to know if you think my investments will be adequate for me to accomplish this. President George W. Bush and other top US officials on Wednesday gave high profile support to the family of a Belfast man believed to have been murdered by Irish Republican Army members, in a case which has inflamed Northern Ireland's peace process. A new majority of working moms in the United States would be happiest in part-time jobs, with fewer seeing full-time work as an ideal, according to a study released Thursday. For a few minutes, this Caribbean island had its first taste of the emotions that will surge across Cuba the day Fidel Castro dies. In a new survey conducted by the London-based Consensus Economics Inc., 13 Canadian forecasters said the country's economy is likely to grow by a yearly 3.2 percent between now and 2005 and by 3 percent between 2005 and 2010, The Globe and Mail newspaper reported Tuesday.
t8743 Jakarta plans to start building an elevated rail network in the capital in 2005, the Antara news agency said Tuesday. Dozens of journalists have stopped reporting on fighting in Sri Lanka's north and east because it is too dangerous, a group of international media rights groups said Friday, accusing the government and Tamil rebels of restricting freedom of expression. US President Barack Obama laid a key plank of his strategy to mend ties with the Islamic world on Monday hosting a summit to boost economic development in Muslim nations. Maybe it's his articulate wit, his smile full of straight white teeth and his full head of gray-flecked hair that earn Steve Asmussen comparisons to modern horse racing's superstar trainer. Maybe it's his talent for managing big dreams and tiny details. Or maybe it's his unhidden ambition to win Twenty-nine people were killed and scores wounded in attacks against Iraqi security forces and civilians on Saturday, the second anniversary of the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime. Even in Los Angeles, where celebrities dress their pets in designer clothes, a proposal for a $455,000 animal lane on a bridge over Interstate 405, the San Diego Freeway, has riled residents who say scarce transportation dollars should not be used to help deer and bobcats while humans remain A compromise $6.5 billion measure for defense and other programs this year won't have disaster aid funds in it that had pitted the No. 3 House Republican against the Bush administration. The Angolan government will pay its 50-million-U.S. dollar debt to De Beers, a South African diamond company, in an effort to reactivate its stalled diamond exploring project in Angola's northeast Lunda-Norte Province, the official news agency Angop reported on Friday.
t5033 Bomb experts Thursday made safe a device containing suspected Semtex in a hardware store in Newry, near the Irish border, after two telephone warnings to police, a spokesman said. Filmmaker Michael Moore gave people in the rural county where he lives an early look at his new film "Sicko," and had some harsh words for critics of the documentary that launched his career. Explosives being carried by a donkey blew up in the troubled southern Afghan city of Kandahar on Monday, injuring at least two people, an official said. Type 2 diabetes follows obesity the way birds follow bread crumbs, practically begging the term ``diabesity'' to be coined as they kept growing in tandem the last two decades. The French economy should grow slightly in the first half of 2005 but unemployment will probably remain stuck at around 10 percent, a forecast by the national statistics institute INSEE said Thursday. It's the only spot in the U.S. besides New York to have Manolo Blahnik, Jean Paul Gaultier and Christian Lacroix stores. The trendy Scoop boutique is at Caesars Forum Shops, which also has Kate Spade and Emilio Pucci stores. Ailing companies on Germany's Neuer Markt, the European equivalent of the tech-heavy Nasdaq, could be removed from the exchange under proposals to tighten up its rules, an exchange spokeswoman said Wednesday. Inter Milan's website reported Sunday that Brazilian star striker Ronaldo has started running again but a return to action is still a long way off.
t9675 Islamic fundamentalists from 80 countries began a three-day meeting here Thursday focusing on the Palestinian question and the plight of Moslem minorities in world trouble-spots. Yahoo Inc. said its chief domestic sales officer resigned and the company will merge its search and display advertising departments in the U.S. as the Internet powerhouse fights to catch up with online search leader Google Inc. Britain's bailed-out Lloyds Banking Group said on Tuesday that it returned to profit in the first quarter and would remain profitable for the year as provisions against bad loans fell. Representative Edward J. Markey harshly criticized the Nuclear Regulatory Commission Friday for poorly tracking radioactive materials and declared that ``we have a `loose nuke' problem right here at home.'' India and China on Monday agreed to broaden defence and anti-terrorism ties to restore trust between the two militaries which fought a brief border war in 1962. A divided New York Court of Appeals killed any chance for the death penalty in New York when it refused Tuesday to make an exception that would have allowed for the execution of the man responsible for the slaughter of five people in the May 2000 Wendy's massacre in Confronted with a sudden shortage at point guard, the Chicago Bulls acquired veteran playmaker Greg Anthony from the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday for a future second-round draft pick. Israeli and American officials are discussing the possibility Wednesday for the U.S. to lift or partially lift a travel ban on U.S. visitors to Israel, a move may help ease the crisis Israel's tourism industry now faces.
t7928 Mike Tyson departed prison just before sunrise here Saturday, returning to freedom wearing a Muslim skullcap and taking part in a prayer service at an Islamic mosque. The Czech Finance Ministry said Thursday it approved a fine of 2.7 billion koruna (euro94 million; US$126 million) levied on the country's dominant steel producer Mittal Steel Ostrava AS. Elena Dementieva downed Bethanie Mattek-Sands 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday to lift Russia into a 1-1 deadlock with host United States after the first day of their Fed Cup semi-final tie. Al Jazeera, the Arab satellite television network, burst into the consciousness of Americans last fall, with its reporting from Afghanistan and the recognition that it had become an influential voice throughout the volatile Arabic-speaking world. Lawmakers stripped Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of his office and his immunity from prosecution Thursday, after he announced he would run for president in 2006 -- even from jail. Opening in Hollywood FRIDAY "Beyond Hatred" (Au dela de la haine) -- This French documentary explores the aftermath of a hate crime, especially the effect on the victim's family. Directed by Olivier Meyrou. In French with English subtitles. "Blade Runner: The Final Cut" -- Set in a future Los Japan urged the United States on Tuesday to rethink its opposition to a treaty limiting emissions of ``greenhouse gases,'' saying much of the world is waiting for tough new standards to take effect. Many of the comments on Tibet are encouraging. US Ambassador to China Joseph Prueher said that the changes of Tibet can not been seen on the clouds. On the land of Tibet, the real changes will be seen.
t9560 British Aerospace intends to raise capital of 383 million pounds (613 million dollars) in two stages, the company said on Thursday. Israeli and Arab leaders gather Monday in a high-profile bid to prop up embattled Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas after he lost the Gaza Strip to Hamas, but Israel dampened expectations. The leaders of Russia and Norway said Tuesday they had agreed on a compromise Arctic border in the resource-rich Barents Sea, bringing an end to a 40-year dispute. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Indonesian share prices closed 0.47 percent lower Monday on a lack of positive news to counter concerns over the rupiah's recent weakness which adds to import costs and so inflation, dealers said. Ruthell Howard, a copy editor for The Washington Post for more than 15 years, died Sunday of cardiopulmonary arrest at Menorah Home and Hospital in Brooklyn, N.Y. She was 50. Secretary of State Colin Powell said Friday he will feel a flood of emotions when he returns to Vietnam decades after serving two tours there as an army officer during the Vietnam War. The Indonesian Navy has deployed 37 warships around the troubled province of Irian Jaya to help local security forces crack down on the separatist movement, military sources said.
t4299 Thai soldiers along the border with Burma were on high alert Wednesday as Burmese forces moved against a remote area long held by opium warlord Khun Sa, a Thai regional military spokesman said. Russian space officials said Friday they were considering moving up the launch of a Russian cargo ship as cosmonauts aboard the international space station struggled for a second day to reboot failed computers controlling the orbiting outpost's orientation. Pope Benedict XVI "cried" with victims of paedophile priests at a meeting during his visit to Malta on Sunday, one of the Maltese victims told AFP. When is a coup not a coup? When the United States says so, it seems _ especially if the fallen leader is no friend to U.S. interests. British medical officials said a newborn baby had died after catching a controversial virus in a hospital, raising questions about the country's health service that will likely feature prominently in an upcoming general election. Last month, nearly 30 years after the Khmer Rouge reign of terror, the first indictment was issued by a U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal in Cambodia. From 1975 to 1979, more than 1.7 million people died at the hands of the Khmer Rouge, led by Pol Pot. Now, after years The estate of a man who committed suicide in jail while being held on drug charges has been ordered to pay $750,000 to the Nassau County district attorney's office. A foreign national intended to take the relics out of the border via the customs using 45 pieces of luggage, which he claimed containing "documents."
t3046 The declining electoral fortunes of the ruling Congress (I) party and double-digit inflation will weigh heavily on Finance Minister Manmohan Singh when he presents his fifth budget Wednesday. Fiji is expelling New Zealand's top diplomat in the island nation, New Zealand Foreign Minister Winston Peters said Thursday, following tensions over Fiji's military coup in December. The three airports in Paris and 11 provincial airports will remain closed until 2:00 pm (1200 GMT) Saturday because of a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, the civil aviation authority said. John Daly, the pro golfer, is playing a practice round when the cellphone in his back pocket rings. It rings just as he has contorted himself to the very top of his famously long and violent swing and is poised to turn his coiled fury on the golf ball. Croatian international Robert Kovac confirmed Sunday he will definitely leave Bayern Munich on a free transfer at the end of the season. The sun has set on fare discounts for hundreds of thousands of senior-citizen fliers. Blame airline cutbacks. But travelers 62 and older, and sometimes as young as 50, still can land special deals for hotel rooms, rental cars, meals and even plane seats. Fifteen people authorities say may have been smuggled into the country were found Friday sitting in shade near the beach at the Kennedy Space Center. Under the terms of the arrangement, Infosys will establish a dedicated development center in Bangalore that will employ 200 people in the first year of operations.
t380 Borrowing on world capital markets hit an all-time high of 955 billion dollars in 1994 despite Mexico's financial crisis, global tensions on long-term interest rates and foreign exchange turbulence, the OECD said Sunday. U.S. President George W. Bush, denounced by tens of thousands of anti-American protesters on the streets of Rome, defended his humanitarian record on Saturday to Pope Benedict XVI, who expressed concern about "the worrisome situation in Iraq." Palm shares surged on Wall Street on Monday, amid reports the struggling US mobile device maker may be looking for a buyer. A federal magistrate judge in New Hampshire dismissed a charge of identity fraud Thursday against a former employee of Global Crossing accused of posting the Social Security numbers of thousands of employees on the Internet, but the magistrate let stand a separate charge of threatening executives. Australian teachers on Wednesday criticised immigration officers for allegedly entering schools to seize and detain children as young as six whose parents had breached visa conditions. Kurt Rieschick can't stop cheating on his boyfriend. He knows it's wrong, but sometimes David works odd hours. And Rieschick gets lonely. And those naughty red envelopes are so enticing. Vice President Dick Cheney is undergoing hospital tests to see if he needs a pacemaker to regulate an occasionally irregular heartbeat. Even before Saturday's procedure, Cheney predicted such a device would have to be implanted. A visiting group of Tibetan researchers from China said here on Friday that studies on Tibetan issues should be modernized and that they were ready for academic exchanges with their foreign counterparts on these issues.
t2553 Darren Clarke hit a two-under par 70 to just stay ahead of the pack at the halfway stage of the 250,000-dollar Malaysian Open golf here Friday. The chilly relations between Russia and Estonia showed no signs of thawing Wednesday after the first high-level meeting between the two countries following a bitter dispute over a Soviet monument in the Estonian capital. Britain extended a ban on all non-emergency flights in its airspace until at least 0600 GMT Friday, due to ash from a volcanic eruption in Iceland, air traffic authorities said Thursday. A mostly pro-Palestinian crowd overflowed the bleachers of the Crawford High School's football stadium Saturday in the town's largest political demonstration since President Bush moved here three years ago. Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka said Saturday that he would leave the Democrat Left Alliance (SLD), the ex-Communist party in power, in favor of a new center-left party that is being formed. Iraqis were glued to their television sets Tuesday as their triumphant national soccer team was honored at a glittering ceremony in the United Arab Emirates. After nearly two decades of negotiation, the nation's two largest Mennonite denominations overwhelmingly approved a merger Thursday that creates the 125,000-member Mennonite Church USA. Domestic airlines in China are permitted to float their ticket prices within 20 percent of the ticket value from today.
t6163 Islamic militants shot dead a policeman outside his home in the troubled southern Egyptian province of Minya on Monday, police said. Finland's unemployment rate continued its downward trend, falling to 8.5 percent last month, its lowest May rate in 16 years, the government statistics agency said Tuesday. The United States upgraded Wednesday a travel advisory on India, alerting US citizens to a growing threat of terrorist attacks in the capital New Delhi. Under the presidency of George W. Bush, the environmental and energy policies of our government are completely dominated by a group of current and former oil and chemical company executives who are trying to dismantle America's ability to force them to reduce the extremely dangerous levels of pollution in India expressed disappointment Friday at the US decision to sell F-16 fighter jets to its arch-rival Pakistan, saying it could have negative consequences for its security. Today, the city is safer and has more jobs. But as Giuliani campaigns for the Republican presidential nomination, he says little about his problematic record on education. Jennifer Lopez said it's ``hateful'' to suggest that she's a racist because of an epithet she sings in a remix of her new song ``I'm Real.'' The ban by the Mozambican customs on imports of meat from eastern South Africa's Kwazulu- Natal Province is still in force, although the outbreak of foot- and-mouth disease that dictated the ban is now under control, reported the daily paper "Noticias" on Saturday.
t5595 A UN decision to maintain an embargo on Iraq and tighten US sanctions on Iran, part of Washington's strategy of "dual containment," shows it is easier to isolate Baghdad than Teheran. Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni said Monday that Israel will resume payments of Palestinian tax revenues if the new Fatah-led West Bank government commits to peace and supports her country's right to exist. Denmark decided Tuesday to close airspace over southern Greenland under 20,000 feet due to ash from Iceland's erupting volcano, aviation authority Naviair said. Sen. Carl Levin on Thursday implored his fellow lawmakers to crack down on stock options, the ``stealth compensation'' that contributed to the financial disaster at Enron Corp. A team of Yemeni investigators is to head for Washington on Friday before visiting Yemeni detainees at the US naval base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, an official newspaper reported. "It's fascinating to watch," frontman Karl Hyde says of America's rediscovery of electronic music from acts such as Daft Punk. "And it's great to be around to enjoy it." WASHINGTON (AP)_ The number of U.S. workers filing new claims for state unemployment insurance last week surged to a nine-year high, reflecting continued damage from the slumping economy and the start of the auto industry's annual plant retoolings. The planned reduction of the Russian armed forces by 365,000 servicemen will not lead to a drop in their battle effectiveness, Defense Minister Igor Sergeyev said Wednesday.
t7776 The WICBC President's team will provide the kind of challenge Australia would want in their last match before next Friday's first Test in Barbados. Oil prices rose back above US$69 a barrel Thursday as the oil industry began to feel the effects of a general strike in Nigeria, Africa's largest producer of crude oil. "Bye, Bye Belgium", "Is there still a reason for this country?": the front pages of Belgian newspapers Friday reflected growing fears over the country's future after another government collapse. As hundreds of South Korean families prepare to set out Sunday to see their North Korean relatives for the first time in 50 years, Lee Sok-oh has advice for them: On the eve of John Paul II's funeral, around half a million people gathered Thursday in a vast field on the edge of the southern Polish city of Krakow for a mass in memory of the Polish-born pope. Suppose that the Bush administration abandons its campaign for economic sanctions, tones down talk of war and opens direct negotiations with Iran about its nuclear program. Suppose also that it drops its insistence on the suspension of uranium enrichment as a precondition for dialogue. Top-seeded Sebastien Grosjean of France was beaten in the first round of the $400,000 Energis Open on Tuesday, losing 6-4, 6-4 to qualifier Juan Ignacio Chela of Argentina. The Kenyan government is determined to stem the importation of sub-standard goods as the practice is already affecting the manufacturing industry in the East African country, the Sunday Standard newspaper reported.
t9962 Dresdner Bank said Friday it had suffered a collapse of profits on its trading activities linked to bonds last year. Forest rangers in the northern Italian Alps have confirmed for the first time the existence of an albino mountain goat, officials said Monday. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has filed an application to visit the United States, US ambassador to the UN Susan Rice said Wednesday, presumably to attend next week's nuclear non-proliferaton review conference here. What changed Israel's initial decision to accept a United Nations ``fact-finding committee'' on the Jenin refugee camp into a furious rejection? World oil prices staged a technical rebound Monday to end a week-long losing streak despite reassuring comments about output by the OPEC cartel and the end of a strike threat in Nigeria. Serj Tankian is a thoughtful, erudite man -- especially for a wild-man rock singer -- but sometimes he's overwhelmed by an impulse. His decision to quit studying for law school and become a musician came so suddenly that he literally hit the brakes on his Jeep Wrangler one night A state lawmaker's e-mail plea _ ``WE NEED TROOPS'' _ helped radio talk show hosts incite a mob that stormed the Capitol last week to protest a last-minute income tax plan. China will provide relief goods worth 5 million yuan (RMB) (about 600,000 U.S. dollars) to Cambodia under an exchange of letter signed here by Chinese Ambassador Ning Fukui and Cambodian Foreign Minister Hor Namhong Thursday on behalf of their respective governments.
t8790 The secretary-general of Kenya's ruling party has accused US former president Jimmy Carter of interferring with the country's internal affairs after he cautioned authorities here against expelling American journalists based in Nairobi. Never mind that Chicago hosted the 2006 International Gay Games. Or that it has the U.S.'s first government-recognized gay neighborhood. Or that up to 400,000 people attend the city's Gay Pride Parade each year. Iran will soon issue bonds worth 750 million euros to develop its oil industry, which will be followed by a further five billion euros after March next year, a top oil official said on Monday. Harry and Louise, the fictional couple that helped doom President Clinton's health care plan, are back at their kitchen table. This time they are arguing for cloning for research, and are already competing for airtime with new opponents: Harriet and Louis, who oppose cloning for any purpose. In general, marriage blessings tend to be more modest than that for Prince Charles and new bride Camilla. But then most family chapels cannot hold 800 guests, dozens of television cameras and a chamber orchestra. ISTANBUL, Turkey-- Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Friday that he is prepared for a rupture in relations with the United States if his government launches an incursion into northern Iraq in search of Kurdish rebels. Package bombs exploded at two locations of a subsidiary of The Home Depot, while a phony bomb threat caused the home improvement giant to evacuate 4,000 workers at its nearby headquarters. The Israeli army believes the Lebanese Hezbollah guerrillas who kidnapped three Israeli soldiers on the Lebanese border in October were disguised as United Nations peacekeepers, local daily Yediot Ahronot reported Friday.
t5277 Swedish construction group Skanska nearly tripled its profits in 1994, registering a profit after financial items of 3.07 billion kronor (426.4 million dollars), Skanska announced Friday. Rookie sensation Lewis Hamilton did it again, racing to his second straight Formula One victory in Sunday's U.S. Grand Prix. A year after Pakistan launched a major operation to evict the Taliban from Swat Valley, markets are bustling and girls are back at school, but the root causes of the conflict still fester. The Texas State Aquarium at Corpus Christi Beach shares with the USS Lexington top billing for most visitors to the area. Four leaders from villages near the US military base in Taji, 15 kilometres north of Baghdad, met a US captain and begged him to seal off their communities with concrete blast walls and barbed wire. A top adviser to Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf acknowledged Tuesday that the general's options for staying in power are increasingly bleak and said that a declaration of emergency is being considered as a way of keeping him in office. The San Jose Earthquakes advanced in the U.S. Open Cup by edging the Milwaukee Rampage 7-6 in a penalty kick shootout following a 0-0 tie. Individual consumption loans provided by Chinese banks increased significantly in the first ten months this year, accounting for more than 40 percent of the total lending increase in the period.
t5261 The United Nations Friday invited the leaders of committees running Mogadishu's port and airport to a meeting in Nairobi and promised the return of operating equipment "as soon as security conditions permit." A steely and daring young matador who mysteriously walked away at the peak of his career in 2002 made a triumphant return on Sunday, enduring a terrifying near-goring to win standing ovations, a rain of flowers and three trophies -- ears from bulls he had just slain. Thailand's anti-government "Red Shirts" accused the military of turning central Bangkok into a battle zone with a major deployment Monday, but did not rule out mounting fresh street rallies. These business stories for release Thursday, April 18, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale rattled an eastern Turkish town overnight, leaving six people injured, officials said Thursday. Here's another: the flood of solicitations that spill in after you buy your home offering "mortgage protection" and other such critters. They come from companies that, more often than not, are bending over backward to disguise who they are or where they do business. An Iraqi dissident group says its guerrillas bombarded President Saddam Hussein's Baghdad palace and other government buildings with rockets early Wednesday. The claim could not be independently verified. Chile's National Copper Corporation (Codelco), the largest copper producer in the world, will invest 25 million U.S. dollars annually for the next six years in exploring Chile and other Latin American countries for minerals, according to a report by local newspaper "El Diario."
t9756 A judge ruled Thursday that President Bill Clinton's "don't ask, don't tell" policy on homosexuals serving in the military is unconstitutional and violates free speech rights. The abductors of an Italian priest have offered to negotiate for his freedom, according to a purported intermediary in the southern Philippines, an official said Monday. The pro-independence Scottish National Party (SNP) mounts a legal challenge Tuesday against the BBC over its exclusion from the final British election TV debate. He hit 47 homers in 2000 and 41 last season. But third baseman Troy Glaus has only five this season, which puts him on a pace for 29. India on Monday began an eight-year project to build an aircraft carrier in its most ambitious military programme to date, officials said. Take the accounting field, which is facing a severe shortage of job candidates. On Working Mother magazine's top-10 list of best employers for working moms, we find Ernst &amp; Young, KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers. One protester was killed and nearly 100 police and demonstrators injured in running battles that raged in the cobbled alleyways and broad piazzas of this ancient port city Friday. Zhu Muzhi, honorary president of China Society for Human Rights Studies, said Wednesday that the most important thing for the pursuit of human rights is to find a correct road that fits the situation of various countries.
t4410 Alphand's downhill title owed a little to the International Ski Federation overturning Kitt's win at Aspen two weeks ago because poor visibility meant only 31 of the 68 competitors could race. U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates made a surprise visit Friday to Iraq and expressed support for the top U.S. commander here, saying the military was not trying to paint an overly optimistic picture of how the war is going. Thailand's elite-backed "Yellow Shirts" vowed to take action Sunday if the government fails to deal with red-clad protesters within a week, raising fears of clashes between the rival groups. Rankings reflect sales, for the week ending April 6 at almost 4,000 bookstores, plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide. Americans are strongly opposed ted. Given a spouse in the same condition, 61 percent said they would remove the feeding tube while 30 percent would keep it in place. "September Dawn" is more likely to infuriate members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints than to attract moviegoers with its inflammatory revisiting of an 1857 massacre that involved Mormons. The movie, starring Jon Voight as a gimlet-eyed Mormon bishop, asserts that church leader Brigham Young (Terence The Big Easy is on the verge of tossing out a 29-year ban on public drinking from bottles and cans. The humanitarian situation of the displaced people in Angola has "significantly improved", although the southwest African country still has the second largest displaced population on the African continent, Francis Deng, special representative of the United Nations Secretary General for displaced populations, was quoted as saying here Friday.
t1883 Clinton administration officials told Congress Wednesday that many African countries are showing good trade and political prospects and the United States should not forsake the continent. Hamas gunmen attacked the headquarters of Fatah-allied forces in northern Gaza with mortars and grenades Tuesday and captured several smaller positions, in what Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas of Fatah alleged was a coup attempt by the Islamic militants. Rescuers dug with their bare hands through the rubble of a devastating quake which hit a remote area of China Wednesday, killing 400 people and injuring thousands as it toppled mud-and-wood houses and school buildings. The Israeli government's strategy of massive military reprisal against Palestinian violence has not worked in the past and is proving even more disastrous in the era of suicide bombings. South Korean shares are expected to rebound in the coming week, ending a losing steak caused by record high oil prices and fears of a sharp US interest rate hike, dealers said Friday. Gary Godsey liked all that ``Straight Talk Express'' stuff from John McCain's 2000 presidential campaign, liked that he seemed to make up his own mind on issues and not bend with the poll-driven winds. But these days, Godsey is less sure. Two former Rutgers basketball players and a team manager who said they were humiliated when forced to run naked during practice can sue their former coaches. Prompted by a hostile deterioration of the peso over rampant speculation, the Philippine government has decided to tighten reporting and capitalization requirements for the so-called foreign exchange corps.
t9355 NATO allies charged with protecting Kurdish "safe zones" in northern Iraq have been supplying the Turkish army with reconnaissance data for its offensive against Turkish Kurds in Iraq, defence ministry sources said Wednesday. Jorge Campos scored in the second half as Mexico and Argentina played to a 1-1 draw Saturday in a friendly match featuring former soccer stars from both countries. UN Security Council member Brazil demanded on Tuesday that Iran guarantee its nuclear programme has no military aims, saying the crisis has become the single most important security issue in the world. Senator Orrin G. Hatch, who electrified the world of medical research by announcing this week that he supports a therapeutic form of human cloning, is riding the Capitol subway, clearly delighted that he may swing the vote by joining with Senator Edward M. Kennedy and other Democrats on such At least three people were killed and many more were missing Monday after an eight-storey garment factory collapsed following a boiler explosion, police said. The writers' group bestowed its nonfiction awards on Debra Marquart, for "The Horizontal World," and Lawrence Wright, for "The Looming Tower." A librarian who hijacked a helicopter to pluck her lover from a top-security jail ended up behind bars Friday when a judge sentenced her to a minimum of seven years in prison. Following are the standings in the men's Alpine World Cup after the super-g race in Beaver Creek, Colorado on Sunday:
t3415 Tapie has since been declared a bankrupt and had his palatial Paris house and luxury yacht confiscated by bailiffs acting for the state- owned bank Credit Lyonnais which at the height of his fame was his main financial backer. India's governing coalition picked its candidate Thursday for next month's presidential elections, setting the ground for the country's first woman president. The 16-nation eurozone surged out of trade deficit with the rest of the world in February, posting a surplus of 2.6 billion euros (3.5 billion dollars), official figures showed on Friday. Russia's intelligence agency announced Wednesday it had broken up a U.S. spy ring aimed at stealing the country's defense secrets, including information about its military ties with ex-Soviet republics. Iraq, reeling under a two-year foreign occupation and struggling to form a new government, is expected to recover its legitimate seat at this week's Arab summit in Algiers, analysts said Monday. Why was it that with every other corporate takeover on hold, Jones Apparel Group was able to wrap up its sale last week of Barneys, the high-price, high-fashion clothing emporium? Ron Coomer drove in five runs, and Eric Young had three hits and scored three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to their third straight win, 10-6 over the Detroit Tigers on Saturday. Zambian Minister of Commerce, Trade, Industry William Harrington Monday urged Zambia Revenue Authority (ZRA) to educate the cross-border traders on the benefit of the Free Trade Area (FTA) launched last Tuesday by the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA).
t7385 Prime Minister John Major Thursday reiterated Britain's hostility to any obligatory relaxation of its border controls, saying he would take "whatever steps are necessary" to maintain them. Gremio fans set off firecrackers near Boca Juniors' hotel throughout the night to try to keep the Argentine players from getting much sleep before Wednesday's Copa Libertadores final. G20 finance ministers on Friday asked the International Monetary Fund to study the idea of levying taxes on big banks to help stem risk and pay for possible financial failures. ``The Salton Sea,'' a grim, druggy nightmare of a film set in the Los Angeles demimonde of methamphetamine users and dealers, aims to be the ne plus ultra of sleazy West Coast hyper-chill. How close to freezing is it? In the surreal opening scene in a dilapidated rooming house The United States reaffirmed Monday its confidence in embattled UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, but stopped short of saying whether he was able to carry through plans to reform the world body. A judge eventually ruled the action illegal, and members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints returned to their homes. Now, 54 years later, the community numbers about 10,000. The party of former King Simeon II, which swept to victory in Bulgaria's parliamentary elections last month, failed Monday to strike a deal with the party of outgoing Prime Minister Ivan Kostov to form a coalition government. Former South African President Nelson Mandela on Friday dismissed fear that his health was declining, saying he would continue his busy schedule as usual.
t9545 Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak telephoned his Israeli counterpart Ezer Weizman to air problems in relations between the two countries, a presidential spokeswoman in Jerusalem said Thursday. A list of the specific sentences and charges against the six former Saddam Hussein regime officials in the so-called Anfal trial in Iraq, according to the International Center for Transitional Justice: Financial markets kept Greece under huge pressure Tuesday, worsening contaigon in Portugal and signalling a belief that an EU-IMF rescue for Athens falls far short of the debt problem, analysts said. Senator Orrin G. Hatch, who electrified the world of medical research by announcing this week that he supports a therapeutic form of human cloning, is riding the Capitol subway, clearly delighted that he may swing the vote by joining with Senator Edward M. Kennedy and other Democrats on such Members of the armed Basque separatist group ETA have been faking pregnancies in order to transport explosives around their waists, Spanish daily El Mundo reported on Monday. Hugh Jackman appeared in the first installment and was one of the executive producers of the drama, which was met by largely scathing reviews and low ratings in its first outing. The second episode performed poorly in its regular Sunday night slot following "60 Minutes." Secretary of State Colin Powell Friday said it might be useful to have Americans and other monitors oversee a cease-fire between Israel and the Palestinians. Forty policemen were killed Monday evening when the bus carrying them skidded off the road and fell into a deep gorge near Ramban on the Jammu-Srinagar highway in Kashmir, according to newspapers published on Tuesday.
t8400 A South Korean consortium on Monday signed an agreement with Thompson Ramo Wooldridge Co. (TRW) of the United States to develop South Korea's first multi-purpose satellite. Mexico captain Pavel Pardo scored on a curling, long range shot in the second half to give Mexico a 1-0 win over Guadeloupe on Thursday and a spot in the CONCACAF Gold Cup final. Belgian Kim Clijsters' bid to carry her early season form to the French Open next month has been hit by a foot injury suffered in Fed Cup play. Laughing excitedly, Chandler ran through the house, leading his purple ``Winnie the Pooh'' wagon and his sister, Abbie, on a dizzying chase. Spanish teenager Rafael Nadal, the third seed, suffered a shock defeat at the hands of Russian Igor Andreev in the quarter-finals of the Valencia ATP claycpourt tournament on Friday. From Los Angeles International Airport to Lyon, France, the airport city nearest the Beaujolais region, connecting service is available on American, Air France, KLM, Lufthansa, Aer Lingus, United, Air Tahiti Nui, Delta and British Airways. From Paris, the region is about 41/2 hours by car and a little more Frank Catalanotto went 4-for-4 and scored twice as the Texas Rangers battered Sean Douglass in his major league debut and beat the Baltimore Orioles 6-4 Wednesday in the opener of a day-night doubleheader. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,819.99 points Wednesday, down 48.20 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t3223 The Pakistani stock market fell heavily Sunday on news that 10 more people were shot dead in the country's industrial hub Karachi, rife with ethnic and sectarian violence, dealers here said. Former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan is to head a new organization intended to boost agricultural production in Africa and curb mounting hunger, soil erosion and lack of water. Denmark celebrated Queen Margrethe II's 70th birthday Friday with an outpouring of affection but some high-ranking guests failed to show up as a huge ash cloud closed airports throughout Europe. Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly Tuesday said his office has not ruled out bringing criminal charges against the supervisors of priests who sexually abused minors. Israel will continue to build homes in the three largest Jewish settlements in the West Bank, a high-ranking official said Monday on condition of anonymity. One day after hosting the Democrats for a debate, the leaders of the nation's largest labor organization have made their decision: They can't decide who they like. Racing through medieval streets with six three-quarter-ton bulls at your back is seldom dull, but with rain-slickened cobblestones and a sozzled weekend crowd, Saturday was something else. Xinhua is releasing dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major Chinese regions in the first three quarters of this year.
t3196 A huge telecommunications centre known as "Saddam Tower" was officially opened Sunday on the site of a tower destroyed by allied bombing in the 1991 Gulf War. Chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday urged the adoption of a "roadmap" for a new European Union constitution at the bloc's summit next week, but cautioned that "a solution is not yet in sight" to the current strife over the new charter. US authorities on Friday charged Goldman Sachs for "defrauding investors" over a financial product linked to subprime mortgages that were blamed for the worst financial crisis in decades. Federal prosecutors charged on Tuesday that a New York lawyer helped one of her clients, an imprisoned Egyptian sheik who was convicted of plotting a wave of terror in New York City, continue to direct terrorist operations from his prison cell in Minnesota. Taiwan share prices closed 0.25 percent higher Monday in modest trade as rotational support offset concerns about a planned massive rally Saturday to protest China's anti-secession law, dealers said. The space shuttle Endeavour launched Wednesday on an 11-day mission to the International Space Station, carrying the first teacher-astronaut into space since Christa McAuliffe was lost in the Challenger tragedy more than two decades ago. In a boost to families opposed to standardized testing, National Education Association convention delegates voted to support laws enabling parents to let their children opt out of the exams. Myanmar leader Lieutenant-General Khin Nyunt has called for efforts to prevent recurrence of the bitter past to ensure emergence of a developed and flourishing nation.
t1771 Serb hardliners in Croatia opposed to any consessions to Zagreb, were poised Wednesday to make a bid to unseat the leader of the secessionist "government" of Krajina, according to reports reaching here from the Krajina town of Knin. Prime Minister Tony Blair said Tuesday that the relationship between government and the media has deteriorated during his decade in office and needs repair. A violent tropical storm has killed 114 people in India, with 23 new victims reported in the eastern state of Bihar, the state disaster management office told AFP Wednesday. Architecture, the monthly design magazine that began life 90 years ago, is about to get a radical makeover, shifting its focus to service. The change leaves one architecture magazine in the country, Architectural Record. Indian troops have shot dead five Islamic militants during a bloody clash sparked by a raid on rebel hideout in a village in revolt-hit Kashmir, an army spokesman said Friday. If you're an ex-commie dictator looking to burnish your image, it's probably a good thing to make extra sure that the international community thinks your country's parliamentary elections next month are fairly run. High-priced right-hander Darren Dreifort will undergo surgery to repair a torn ligament in his pitching elbow for the second time in his career and miss at least a year. Five children, all brothers, were playing with a toy bomb at the house of their grandfather in the border town of Chaman in Balochistan when it blew off, killing four children on the spot. Two others and the children's mother were injured.
t7064 A meningitis epidemic in Niger has killed over a thousand people since January, with more than 10,000 cases so far detected around the west African country, the health ministry said here Wednesday. Japan has changed the name of Iwo Jima, the island immortalized in a brutal World War II battle, to the traditional name used by locals disenchanted with the modern moniker used in movies like Clint Eastwood's recent "Letters from Iwo Jima." A group of Nepalese leprosy sufferers is training to climb Mount Everest in an effort to raise awareness and remove the stigma surrounding the disease, expedition organisers said Thursday. Here's the thing about Jane: It's always been the kind of magazine you'd probably never buy, but if there's an unclaimed copy lying around, you will pick it up, and you will read it. Well, maybe ``read'' isn't quite the right verb; one doesn't so much read Jane as Singapore share prices closed 0.33 percent lower Monday as an unexpected sharp drop in February factory production hit investor confidence, dealers said. Ring the bell, and Laurie Frank soon appears with a gracious smile, delivering the warmest of welcomes before uttering so much as a word: She swings open an arched door dotted with 25 star-shaped windows, and shafts of sunlight sweep across the entry floor like little hands beckoning you German insurer Allianz AG said Monday it holds more than 92 percent of shares in Dresdner Bank AG after its $20 billion takeover offer for Germany's third-largest bank closed at the end of last week. Vice-Chairman of the Myanmar State Peace and Development Council (SPDC) General Maung Aye returned here Tuesday evening after ending a week-long official visit to India.
t8339 Mexican authorities confiscated a total of 2.79 tonnes of cocaine in separate operations in three states Sunday, arresting 12 suspected drug traffickers, the attorney general's office said. A teenage girl's legs were severed above the ankle while on a thrill ride at a popular amusement park, park officials said. James Milner kept Aston Villa's hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League alive by scoring a contentious penalty in a 1-0 derby win over Birmingham City here on Sunday. If the enthusiasm of Mayor Michael Bloomberg is any indication, tourists and residents may soon be able to scale the majestic heights of the Brooklyn Bridge _ but for a fee. Sri Lanka's central bank Friday announced a 400 percent increase in the minimum capital requirement for commercial banks and said the move was necessary to ensure a strong and sound banking system. In the company of another 100 or so giant pumpkins, the mammoth gourd doesn't seem quite as freakish as it must have in Arden Fry's vine-covered garden the day before. In the 141 years since golf's oldest championship was first played, the British Open has advanced from hickory shafts to space-age metals, from the gutta percha ball to Pro V1, from Old Tom Morris to young Tiger Woods. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) Wednesday began to issue identification cards (IDs) to urban refugees in Lusaka, UNHCR spokesman Kelvin Shimo told Xinhua in a telephone interview here.
t8385 Clashes between supporters of Zimbabwe's ruling ZANU-PF party and those of a suspended party member left two people seriously injured in the capital and properties wrecked, press reports said Monday. After Frankie Hejduk and Landon Donovan scored and the defending champion United States withstood a late rally to beat Canada 2-1 Thursday night to return the final of the CONCACAF Gold Cup. The International Monetary Fund will reach an agreement with Greece before Athens is forced to borrow billions to cover its budget, IMF managing director Dominique Strauss-Kahn said on Sunday. John Dean, the White House counsel whose revelations about the Nixon presidency were the first flames in the volcano of Watergate scandal, is about to turn up the heat again by revealing the identity of Deep Throat. The European Union's executive commission said Friday it had recommended guidelines to member states to boost the market for low-cost, high-speed Internet access delivered over electricity power supply lines. After waiting four hours at Washington's Dulles Airport one day last June, Arnold Miller and his family of three were told that their British Airways flight to London had been canceled and that they should go home. Republicans are exploring ways to recruit more women voters _ usually a Democratic-leaning group _ while fine-tuning their message on issues that have been tough for the GOP, such as health care, energy and the environment. U.S. researchers have uncovered a gene that may increase the risk of the life-long brain disorder autism, according to a new study released Tuesday.
t6860 At least 19 people were hospitalized after an unidentified gas swept through a commercial building here Wednesday, triggering fears of a copycat attack after the Tokyo subway incident. Police shot dead a suspected mentally ill man who threatened to blow up a school in southern China with dynamite, a state-run newspaper reported Wednesday. The world's economic powers gathered in Washington Thursday amid growing concern about Greece's spiraling debt crisis and the strength of the global economic recovery. WASHINGTON - Buffeted by a year of crises, the electric power industry needs ``vigilant'' government oversight to reassure investors and consumers that ``someone is minding the store,'' a top Bush administration energy regulator told industry leaders Tuesday. Spain's reigning world road race champion Oscar Freire, of the Rabobank team, warmed up for next week's Tour of Flanders by winning the Fleche Brabanconne one-day classic Sunday held over 198 km between Zaventem and here. A few weeks before Army Gen. David Petraeus' much-anticipated testimony on Iraq, the leadership of MoveOn.org, the Internet-based liberal group that has rallied its 3 million members around the country to oppose the war, decided on a change in strategy. Clarence Weatherspoon, a rugged forward for the Cleveland Cavaliers, reportedly is set to join a New York Knicks team looking to strengthen its frontline. More than 3,000 people were left homeless with three people missing as heavy rains continued to pour down in the northeastern KwaZulu-Natal Province in South African on Tuesday.
t1722 Sri Lanka rejected Wednesday Tamil Tiger guerrilla claims that a French nominee was unacceptable as an intermediary to end the ethnic war because he was biased in favour of President Chandrika Kumaratunga. An Australian man who faces a possible 20 years in a Singapore jail for allegedly trafficking marijuana has jumped bail, authorities said Tuesday. US President Barack Obama would head to South Africa to cheer for the US football team if it reaches the World Cup final later this year, the South African foreign minister said Wednesday. In the three months since Rudolph Giuliani left City Hall, Mayor Michael Bloomberg and his administration have quietly changed the way the city does business, reviewing several complicated deals that were completed or left lingering in the waning days of the Giuliani administration. Scotland centre Andy Craig is determined to knock 'Swing Low Sweet Chariot' clean off the Twickenham songsheet this weekend by helping his team salvage a last-gasp dose of Six Nations pride. On a recent humid afternoon, vendors manned carts sagging with papayas and mangos while backpacking tourists in tiny shorts and wraparound sunglasses wandered through Bangkok's old city. Only the presence of a small gaggle of protesters revealed anything out of the ordinary. Shunted off to a side street near New York Mets second baseman Edgardo Alfonzo came off the 15-day disabled list Tuesday hopeful that his lingering back problems are behind him. Romania's President Emil Constantinescu met here on Friday Bodo Hombach, special coordinator of the Stability Pact for South Eastern Europe.
t3710 Changing the method the United States uses to calculate its inflation rate could save the government 150 billion dollars over five years, Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said Wednesday. Al-Qaida-linked insurgents in Iraq released a video in which its fighters purportedly abort a roadside bomb attack because a woman and child were passing by, an attempt by the militants to counter criticism that they target innocent civilians. Danish airspace will remain closed until at least 2:00 pm (1200 GMT) Sunday due to the massive cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland, aviation authorities said. Most Americans think the Mason-Dixon Line is the divider between North and South; between freedom and slavery. But the Line's origin has nothing to do with slavery. In fact, the historical stone line is the result of a bloody land dispute dating back more than 200 years between proprietors US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld was to meet with Brazilian leaders to discuss regional security -- including recent violence in Haiti -- and a law allowing Brazil's government to shoot down drug trafficking aircraft, officials said Monday. DEAR CAL: My 6-year-old son has a lot of natural athletic ability and appears interested in different sports (baseball, soccer, wrestling). However, when it's sign-up time, he tells us that he has changed his mind and comes up with reasons not to commit. We try to explain that sports Police and soldiers have arrested one of the leaders of the Abu Sayyaf, a Muslim extremist group holding some 20 captives in the southern Philippines, officials said Monday. Health workers in Sao Tome and Principe ended their 10-day long strike on Monday after the government and representatives from a union had reached an " understanding" on workers' demands, said reports reaching here on Tuesday.
t5879 Palestinians shot and wounded six Israeli settlers and soldiers late Sunday when they fired on a bus near the Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba, settlers said. Efforts to define how the U.N.'s new human rights watchdog should confront abuses around the world were apparently scuttled Monday after China issued a last-minute demand that would make it more difficult to investigate governments for wrongdoing. Crushed rubble and rocks, recycled metal, tents, containers and "mud houses" make up blockaded Gaza's modest answer to its housing crisis more than a year after the devastating Hamas-Israel war. Time Out Directed by: Laurent Cantet Written by: Laurent Cantet and Robin Campillo Starring: Aurelien Recoing, Karin Viard, Serge Livrozet, Jean-Pierre Mangeot, Monique Mangeot, Nicolas Kalsch, Marie Cantet Running time: 132 minutes In French, with English subtitles PG-13 (sensuality) !!! 1/2 Chinese share prices gave up early gains and closed 0.20 percent lower Friday as banks were hit by quick profit-taking after recent gains and power generators underperformed on cost worries, dealer said. "The support has been just unbelievable," said Sister Angela Escalera, the local superior of the Sisters of Bethany house. "It's come from all parts of Santa Barbara and outside, too. And from all denominations. It's just astounding." Monica Seles returned from a five-month layoff Thursday night, playing her first competitive tennis since an injury to her right foot kept her from two Grand Slam events. U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore vowed on Thursday to wage a legal battle to ensure that "voters are going to decide this election."
t3245 West Indies, who chose to bat, reached 282 for five off 50 overs against Australia in the third one-day international at the Queen's Park Oval here on Sunday. The Indian Olympic Committee has reached an agreement with Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone to stage a Grand Prix in New Delhi within the next two years. Lebanese residents dismantled a barbed wire fence set up by Israeli troops in a disputed border area on Friday, leading to a call for restraint by UN peacekeepers in the tense region. For 20 brief minutes Tuesday afternoon, the small, sun-dappled square beside Fawaghreh Arch in this ancient city teemed with life and resentment. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Monday said lifting the EU arms embargo against Beijing would send the wrong signal and was not wise, saying a new law targetting Taiwan "drives home" that point. Two right-handed parents have a 9 percent chance of having a left-handed child. For two left-handed parents, that increases to 26 percent. More than 30 bodies have been found in a remote village in the violence-wracked province of Aceh, aid workers and hospital officials said Saturday. Wang Pinxian, academician with the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said that many coastal cities in the world are research centers for oceanic technology.
t9282 LTCB Research Institute Inc. said Wednesday that it had revised its earlier growth estimate for Japan's fiscal 1994 gross domestic product (GDP) 0.3 percentage points downward to 0.7 percent. Labor unions on Saturday called off their strike aimed at overturning a government fuel-price hike, ending a four-day work stoppage that had shut down most major economic activity in Africa's biggest oil producer. Slovak lawmakers on Tuesday adopted a controversial law on patriotism in schools, but in a watered-down form that drops the most contested measures championed by the country's nationalists. As the kids do their Music Midtown mating dances in the Sunday twilight, Bonnie Raitt will be up onstage, wailing about the joys of middle-aged sex. Kyrgyzstan's parliament will unlikely approve Monday the resignation of ousted president Askar Akayev but should accept it by the end of the week, interim president Kurmanbek Bakiyev said. His statement came as thousands of Iraqi Kurds demonstrated against a possible incursion into the north, vowing to fight Turkish troops that cross the border. Northrop Grumman Corp. said Thursday it will extend its hostile bid for Newport News Shipbuilding for a third time, despite the fact that the Virginia company has essentially rejected the offer. Share prices tumbled on the Singapore Stock Market Monday as caution overwhelmed the market sentiment as a lack of fresh leads kept investors at bay.
t7611 Guerrillas in south Lebanon fired mortars at northern Israel and an Israeli-occupied border strip in south Lebanon on Friday, without leaving casualties or damage. Singapore agricultural commodities trader Olam International Ltd. raised its offer for Queensland Cotton Holdings Ltd., prompting competing bidder Louis Dreyfus Commodities BV to sell its stake and end the bidding war for the Australian company. EU-IMF aid to help Greece through its debt crisis should be available within a few days, Greek Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou said on Friday. As they did throughout the regular season and the first four games of the playoffs, the Los Angeles Kings battled to the very end Thursday night. A huge earthquake killed at least 300 people with thousands more feared dead in northwest Indonesia Tuesday as tsunami warnings and panic spread across Indian Ocean rim states still smarting from the killer seaquake that struck three months ago. The court also will consider -- again -- whether the detainees at Guantanamo Bay have a right to plead their innocence before a judge. Japan's banking system and economy suffer serious problems, but the country's enormous resources mean the troubles can be overcome, the U.S. ambassador to Japan said Tuesday. So many colorful flowers have been presented to celebrate Bajin's birthday Saturday that they have overwhelmed his ward and the corridor, making the literary master's 97th birthday more romantic and beautiful.
t4547 Renato Ruggiero of Italy has emerged as the front-runner to direct the World Trade Organisation after an eight-month head-hunting deadlock, a senior official said Wednesday. Japan won a tense playoff against Singapore to replace relegated Thailand in division one of the Sudirman Cup world mixed team badminton championships on Friday. Nearly 1,000 years after the last of the great Polynesian migration journeys across the Pacific, a group of descendants set sail in a fleet of replica canoes on Sunday to relive the voyages. Shortly before the Taliban in Afghanistan issued orders to blow up the giant Buddhas of Bamiyan, which they destroyed in March 2001, a squad of Islamic fundamentalists systematically ransacked a storeroom of artwork from the National Museum in Kabul. Working from morning to night, they went through boxes of A suicidal man who hijacked a Japanese domestic flight in 1999 and stabbed the pilot to death was sentenced to life in prison on Wednesday after a court ruled that he suffered mental problems. The government's terrorist screening database flagged Americans and foreigners as suspected terrorists almost 20,000 times last year. But only a small fraction of those questioned were arrested or denied entry into the United States. The Bush administration said Tuesday it cannot guarantee the safety of U.S.-made prescription drugs when they are reimported from another country _ dealing a second blow to a law designed to help Americans buy cheaper medicines. "This is an event about which words cannot be expressed. I would like to, in the name of the French people and my personal name, to express my sincere condolences and my strong feeling of sympathy in this disaster," said Chirac in a message published by the Elysee presidential
t6228 Federal authorities were bracing Monday to step in to stop the strike that has ground to a halt the country's freight and passenger rail traffic. At least six people were being held hostage in a hold up south of Paris on Tuesday morning, television networks reported. The agave plant, the key ingredient in Mexico's famous tequila, could help treat diabetes and osteoporosis, according to Mexican researchers. The New York Islanders finally located the net on Saturday, but the problem was Toronto's Curtis Joseph, who was standing in front of it. He was also lunging and diving and sprawling and snapping up shots with his glove, and the Islanders went away with a grimace. Arsenal striker Thierry Henry and his Juventus counterpart David Trezeguet have shaken off injury niggles and look likely to spearhead France's attack against Switzerland in their World Cup qualifier here on Saturday. The streets of this city and the roadways leading into it were vehicular combat zones. Big trucks ruled the highways. But their size turned against them in tight urban quarters, where motorized guerrilla warfare raged and speed and agility were needed to do battle with yellow cabs. One day after a fiery blow-up in the House, supporters of legislation to reduce the role of money in politics vowed to resurrect their bill with or without the help of the Republican leadership. U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore has won election in New Mexico by 481 votes, according to unofficial results released on Friday.
t10 The Federal Reserve intervened in New York markets Thursday to bolster the sagging dollar, which hit a record low against the Japanese yen. An Argentine squad buoyed by a two-test sweep of Ireland confronts Italy in an international test Saturday when the Pumas will be without injured top kicker Federico Todeschini. Swiss top seed Stanislas Wawrinka won his second career title on Sunday when he breezed past third seeded Romanian Victor Hanescu 6-2, 6-3 in the final of the Casablanca ATP claycourt tournament. Frank Bruni, a New York Times correspondent, has written an engrossing, insightful book about President Bush called ``Ambling Through History.'' It leaves you wondering: Is that all there is to this man? Kuwait and Iran signed a seven-billion-dollar, 25-year deal Tuesday under which Tehran will supply some 10 million cubic meters (300 million cubic feet) of natural gas daily to the emirate, officials said. -- Build a two-level fire. With gas, that means preheating one side to medium and one side to low. If using a charcoal grill, use a chimney starter to ignite the briquettes or hardwood lump charcoal. Once the briquettes are ashen white, use oven mitts to turn them out Pete Sampras tied Rod Laver for Wimbledon's second-longest winning streak and returned to form Friday in his bid for a record eighth title at the tournament. Foreign debt in Latin American and Caribbean countries rose by 69 percent from 443 billion U.S. dollars in 1990 to 749.3 billion in 1999, a report of the Latin American Economic System said Wednesday.
t7143 Iran has accused the United States of seeking to scare Tehran's neighbors with talk of Iranian troops and chemical weapons deployments near oil shipping routes in a bid to sell military hardware to the Gulf region countries. Trying to win over her party's liberal activists, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton on Wednesday accused President George W. Bush of disregarding the U.S. Constitution and promised to bring a new progressive vision to the White House. Greece's public deficit for 2009 has shot up to 13.6 percent of gross domestic product, with yet another half percentage point rise likely, the European Union data agency said on Thursday. Hours before kickoff on a Sunday morning, he will walk from one end zone to the other, tracing the game plan in his mind. The stadium will be just about empty. It is the best time. The anticipation. The excitement. The feeling in his stomach. Laos and Thailand have agreed to speed up talks on settling land border issues and to start working on river borders, a Lao official said Monday. Q: My family is traveling to Vienna and Prague over Christmas. What are the things we shouldn't miss during the holidays? The outlook for milder, rainier weather in the Midwest sent grain and soybean futures sharply lower Monday in early activity on the Chicago Board of Trade. U.S. Republican vice presidential candidate Dick Cheney suffered a "slight heart attack " and underwent surgery early on Wednesday morning, doctors here said.
t7046 Six people died and four were wounded when Moslem militants clashed with police on board a train in southern Egypt Wednesday, police said. Ten years ago, a plunge in the Thai baht sparked a wave of recessions across Asia's high-flying economies, bankrupting entire nations, putting millions out of work and shaking markets around the world. Some feared that a decade of growth would be lost. US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner vowed Thursday to put failing banks that take too much risk "out of existence" in order to avoid bailing out firms deemed "too big to fail" at taxpayers' expense. After three decades of stalking fruit flies in the wild, Therese Markow has honed her technique to a fine art. Her weapon is a long glass tube with a gauze trap in the center. President Jacques Chirac on Monday again urged a skeptical French public to vote yes in a May 29 referendum on the European constitution, asking them to look beyond domestic politics. Shortly after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, psychologist Jennifer Lerner conducted a national field experiment: She asked a random sampling of Americans how likely it was that they would be the victim of a terrorist attack in the next 12 months. A security guard at an abortion clinic was shot and killed by a gunman Monday as anti-abortion activists held a prayer vigil outside, police said. "We no longer have to eat meals in sandstorms," said Li Yushuang, a man almost in his 70's, whose village planted trees by using World Bank loand in areas previously affected by desertification.
t6129 Sarin, the deadly nerve gas suspected in the Tokyo subway attack that killed six and injured 3,300, is a simple compound that any amateur chemist could cook up, a chemical warfare expert said Monday. A Chinese national volleyball player crashed into a wall during practice and is facing permanent paralysis, making him the second Chinese athlete in less than a week to suffer neck and spinal cord injuries. China will lend Congo around 700 million dollars (nearly 520 million euros) to build a hydroelectric dam in its north Sangha region, Congo's energy ministry said Wednesday. Think of trust as a natural resource, like water. It oils the machinery of human interaction in everything from marriage and friendship to business and international relations. There are reserves of trust, in a perpetual state of replenishment or depletion. And in this parched and suddenly sweltering spring, it Iran made sure their World Cup dream was kept on track Friday with a convincing 2-1 home win against top Asian rivals Japan, largely thanks to their trio of Bundesliga-based stars. A temporary tattoo lasts about two weeks, the man with the airbrush pen tells me. He has a warm smile and no visible tattoos on his own body. "Just sprinkle it with baby powder every day," he says, "for maximum staying power." Italy will reintroduce passport checks Sunday to control the flow of people entering the country for next week's Group of Eight summit, at which thousands of protesters are expected to hold demonstrations. Chinese Vice Premier Wu Bangguo arrived here late Saturday for a six-day official visit at the invitation of Egyptian Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Agriculture Youssef Wali.
t3421 Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak arrived here Monday for a four-day visit to discuss with Japanese leaders bilateral economic ties and Egypt's role in the Middle East peace process. Wall Street extended its advance into a second day Thursday after bond yields eased despite a larger than expected jump in inflation. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger insists Cesc Fabregas will not be sold to Barcelona regardless of any meetings between the two clubs' directors. When Ramachandra Dhirendra sought $5,000 to refurbish the school bathrooms in Coimbatore, India, he turned to an unlikely source: an American online startup. He advertised his project on DevelopmentSpace, the site of a new company devoted to pairing small-scale entrepreneurs in developing countries with donors elsewhere. Argentina squad for 2006 World Cup qualifiers with Bolivia and Colombia on March 26 in La Paz and March 30 in Buenos Aires respectively: Two prominent Somali radio journalists were killed in Mogadishu on Saturday, the first by gunmen in the morning and the second, the radio station's co-owner, in an explosion hours later as he returned from the reporter's funeral. High-profile criminal attorney Barry Levin, who helped handle Erik Menendez' murder defense and more recently represented actor Robert Blake, was found dead Saturday at a veterans cemetery, officials said. The Zimbabwean government needs political commitment to effectively control tuberculosis as the number of people contracting the disease continues to rise, Health and Child Welfare Deputy Minister David Parirenyatwa said on Monday.
t7138 Exporters in Australia's multi-billion-dollar coal industry are locked in tough talks with Japanese importers over contract prices for coal, they said on Thursday. Justine Henin beat Polish teenager Agnieszka Radwanska 6-4, 6-1 Wednesday at the Eastbourne International in her first match since winning the French Open. Two rockets fell near Israel's Red Sea city of Eilat Thursday causing no injuries, Channel 10 television reported, saying it was unclear whether they were fired from Jordan or Egypt. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Thursday, April 25, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. Leading Japanese publisher Kodansha said Monday it had won an exclusive license from football's governing body FIFA to publish the official guide book in Asia for the 2006 World Cup in Germany. For 10 days now, a sagging house parked on U.S. Highway 101's northbound shoulder in the Cahuenga Pass has had people gawking -- and talking. Tom Lehman finished putting on the eighth green Monday morning at Royal Lytham &amp; St. Annes, then turned around and stared into a bunker that looked like a bottomless pit. The European Commission said Wednesday the euro-zone economy is expected to expand by 3.5 percent this year and 3.2 percent in 2001 against its spring growth forecast of 3.4 and 3.1 percent for the 11-nation single currency area.
t4843 The international community must make sure that some 41,000 Vietnamese and 11,000 Laotians living in camps in Southeast Asia return home this year, the UN High Commissioner for refugees told an international conference here on Thursday. Soldiers in scarlet tunics and bearskin hats marched in formation Saturday -- a showcase of Britain's best pomp and pageantry -- to celebrate the birthday of Queen Elizabeth II. At least 24 people including a child and police officials were killed Monday in bombings hours apart at a high school and a crowded market in the Pakistani city of Peshawar, officials said. A week before he was to close the deal to finance his longtime dream of starting a daily paper here, Seth Lipsky got a congratulatory call from his old boss, Wall Street Journal publisher Peter Kann. When Lipsky replied that congratulations were a bit premature, Kann responded, ``What could Iraqi security forces arrested more than 80 suspected insurgents in raids across northern Iraq over the last 24-hour period, the US military and Iraqi army said on Wednesday. Nobody loves Nouri Kamal al-Maliki. In his own country, the Iraqi prime minister heads a government of, by and for fractious Shiites, against which enraged Sunnis, among others, have taken up arms. In our country, which sustains him in power, both liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans call for his A key stock index in Argentina fell another 1.5 percent Wednesday following a government bond sale at sky-high rates that raised further questions about the country's troubled economy. Hundreds of Belgian shareholders in Lernout &amp; Hauspie Speech Products (L&amp;H) are exploring possible legal actions in their country against the voice recognition company.
t1185 Germany's leading animal transport organisations decided Monday to limit travelling time for live animals to eight hours, the German farmers' federation anounced. The United States and Russia are working on a plan to transfer $25 million (euro18.7 million) in once frozen North Korean funds held at an Asian bank, a move aimed at reviving stalled nuclear disarmament efforts. Four Palestinians "terrorists" were shot and apparently killed by Israeli troops in central Gaza near the border fence on Tuesday, the army said. Xerox Corp. said Monday it would restate its financial results dating back to 1997, and that it had agreed to pay a $10 million fine to settle a fraud complaint that it expects to be filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission. At least five people were killed and 13 were missing after a freak storm tore through the central Philippines on Thursday, rescue officials said. U.S. soldiers arrested a police lieutenant suspected of working for an Iranian-backed militia after a firefight in Baghdad on Friday that left six Iraqi police and seven gunmen dead. Car buyers beware: Thousands of vehicles damaged by torrential rain that swamped the region last month are being refurbished for sale. A farmer was sentenced to five-year imprisonment for trafficking in macaques, a wild animal similar to a monkey under the second-class protection in China.
t1460 Hungarian Prime Minister Gyula Horn met with Russian President Boris Yeltsin Tuesday at the close of a two-day visit that focused on trade and bilateral relations between the two states. A confessed Ku Klux Klansman testified Monday that in 1964 he feared a fellow KKK member, who is on trial in the deadly attacks on two black teenagers that year. Mogadishu-based radio stations stopped playing music Tuesday in compliance with an ultimatum issued by hardline Islamists 10 days ago, officials and journalists said. Israel's prime minister, Ariel Sharon, said Tuesday that Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, could have a ``one-way ticket'' into exile, a step that would quash any remaining hope of his restoration as Israel's partner for peace talks. The United States is advising western shipping firms and other maritime interests of a possible terrorist attack on vessels off the coast of east Africa, according to a government warning seen Thursday. It's the start of India's monsoon season, and those muggy rains can give a person a really bad hair day. The European Union blocked General Electric Co.'s $41 billion purchase of Honeywell International Inc. on Tuesday, the first time a proposed merger between two U.S. companies has been blocked solely by European regulators. Ahqi, a 44-year old landlady in Qamdo in southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, is well known for her successful business experiences.
t814 Jim Courier survived another stunning upset bid by Australian qualifier Mark Philippoussis here Sunday, taking a 7-6 (7/2), 6-4 triumph in the 700,000-dollar ATP Arizona Championship finals. Results Sunday in the Mazda Grand Prix of Portland, a Champ Care event on the 1.964-mile (3.161-kilometer) road course at Portland International Raceway. (Note: All cars are Cosworth/DP01/Bridgestone, start position in parentheses): Greek newspapers on Monday welcomed an agreement by the eurozone to offer Greece up to 30 billion euros in emergency loans this year, with one daily saying the rescue was an "oxygen tank." Eddie Johnston recalls where the pucks were that night, who was about to shoot, and how he was crouching in the net to turn back whatever came his way. OPEC countries decided Wednesday to raise their oil production ceiling from 27 to 27.5 million barrels per day and consider a further raise in quotas, but the move failed to stop volatile markets from pushing crude to record highs. Driving around Afghanistan in a white Ford pickup truck, heading off to rip up some farmer's poppy fields, David Lockyear, an American contractor with a goatee and lots of tattoos, was having a blast. After taking a day off to nurse a bruised right wrist, Barry Bonds sunk his hands into wet cement outside Pacific Bell Park near where his 500th career home run splashed into San Francisco Bay. The Xi'an Aircraft Industrial Company delivered the 100th Boeing-737 airplane vertical tail to the Boeing company in the United States today.
t5997 A total of 8,600 elephants will be sold or shot in Zimbabwe this year, the Department of National Parks and Wildlife announced Monday. John Daly won two skins and US$30,000 (euro22,400) at the Telus World Skins on Monday, taking advantage of Colin Montgomerie's missed opportunities. LeBron James scored 40 points to spark the Cleveland Cavaliers past Chicago 112-102 on Monday, giving the NBA regular-season champions a 2-0 lead in their first-round playoff series. Saudi Arabia's foreign minister accused Israel on Friday of scuttling Secretary of State Colin Powell's efforts to win a cease-fire in the Palestinian conflict, warning bluntly that Israeli failure to seize an Arab peace initiative would leave the Middle East on the brink of war. Lebanon's president has urged the United Nations to do whatever is needed to find out who killed former premier Rafiq Hariri after a hard-hitting UN report on the assassination backed Lebanese opposition demands for an international probe. After a daylong meeting in Maryland during which outside experts and Amgen representatives made presentations to the panel, its 19 members voted to recommend the Food and Drug Administration not restrict what doses of the drugs doctors prescribe for patients. Human Rights Watch accused Pakistan, Iran and Russia of providing weapons for Afghanistan's civil war and wants a U.N. arms embargo to apply to all sides in the brutal conflict. The output of China-bred super hybrid rice has hit a new world record to reach 1,138.135 kilograms per mu (15 mu equals to 1 hectare).
t6207 Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic held talks with UN negotiator Thorvald Stoltenberg here on Monday on the changes expected in the UN mandate in Croatia, Stoltenberg said. A company in eastern China was ordered to stop production after food safety officials found it was repackaging the filling from two-year-old rice dumplings, an official said Tuesday. Australia's world champion Cadel Evans won the Fleche Wallonne one-day classic here on Wednesday ahead of Spanish duo Joaquin Rodriguez and Alberto Contador. Rankings reflect sales, for the week ending April 13, at almost 4,000 bookstores, plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide. The dollar held in a narrow range Friday in thin trading, with many forex traders on holiday and stock markets closed for the long Easter weekend. Countrywide, which earlier this year drew down an emergency $11.5 billion line of credit from a group of banks and last month received a $2 billion investment from Bank of America Corp., disclosed the new credit lines in one sentence in its monthly report on operations. New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton said she will visit Puerto Rico on Saturday in ``a gesture of solidarity'' with those in prison for protesting Navy bombing on Vieques Island, including lawyer Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) member states which join the Free Trade Area (FTA) have signed a protocol, UNIVISA, to allow tourists visiting any member country without visa, Zambia Daily Mail newspaper reported on Saturday.
t148 Two journalists were sentenced on Friday to 12 months imprisonment and fines of two million CFA francs (3,900 dollars) for insulting President Henri Konan Bedie. BATTING--MOrdonez, Detroit, .366; Posada, New York, .359; VGuerrero, Los Angeles, .348; Youkilis, Boston, .339; DOrtiz, Boston, .337; Polanco, Detroit, .335; LCastillo, Minnesota, .335. Kyrgyzstan's interim government could use force against ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev if he tries to destabilise the country, interim official Omurbek Tekebayev said Sunday on Kyrgyz radio. Serena Williams, who now hungers to match the ranking achievement of her sister Venus, overwhelmed Martina Hingis, 6-4, 6-0, on Wednesday at the Nasdaq 100 and will get a crack at her older sibling in the semifinals. Anti-war groups say they are gearing up for a series of national demonstrations on Saturday, including acts of civil disobedience, to mark the second anniversary of the US invasion of Iraq, spokespeople said Tuesday. Paris Hilton has been lambasted for her undeserved fame, derided for an indulgent life of parties and designer clothes, and mocked for her vacant and immature public persona. But in her defense, one should remember that it is not easy being an ``it'' girl. Technology problems disrupted the Nasdaq Stock Market for a second straight session Friday, delaying final prices and the compilation of Wall Street's major indexes. An earthquake measuring 5.0 on the Richter scale jolted Xinghai County of northwest China's Qinghai Province, at 17:12 (Beijing Time) today, according to the China Seismological Bureau.
t7469 So, for now, the identity of Tyson's first foe in his comeback is a question even the ex-champ might not be able to answer. A former employee of Standard &amp; Poor's has filed a $5 million (euro3.72 million) discrimination lawsuit that accuses the financial information company of allowing other employees to harass and humiliate him because of his Hispanic ancestry and then fire him because he complained. Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak said on Friday that he hoped the current round of diplomacy by US President Barack Obama's Middle East envoy would lead to renewal of stalled peace talks with the Palestinians "within two weeks." In recent years, Bostonians have become accustomed to seeing buses ``wrapped'' in advertising messages that turn them into a rolling billboard. Brazil, yet to win a competitve fixture in Uruguay, travel to Montevideo on Wednesday for a World Cup qualifier against a team which has indelibly marked them. National: ARMY-TIMES -- WASHINGTON -- The Army's top official calls for the acceleration of a multiyear expansion of the country's biggest fighting force, a move that likely would require radical new approaches for keeping soldiers in uniform, including education benefits for spouses and children. 1,080 words, by Julian E. British Prime Minister Tony Blair suffered a defeat Monday in the House of Commons at the hands of his own Labor Party members, who accused him of undermining the independence of Parliament. The Shanghai B-share Index dived down 4.75 points or 6.12 percent Friday to close at 72.71 points, coming off its intraday low of 72.60.
t9475 The US Southern Command, which handles military relations with Central and South America, will relocate from Panama to the greater Miami area, the Pentagon announced Wednesday. Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on Sunday played down expectations ahead of a regional summit, telling his Cabinet not to expect a "dramatic breakthrough" at the gathering. German sports car maker Porsche said Tuesday it was recalling all its 11,324 newly launched four-door Panamera coupes due to possible problems with the seat belt mounts. On a day when Congress moved to express unqualified political solidarity with Israel, the Bush administration committed itself Thursday to join Europe, Russia and the United Nations in a conference on Middle East peace early this summer. Japan's current account surplus slipped in February, official figures showed Monday, as exports, especially to China, continued to slow but this was offset by strong returns on active Japanese corporate investment overseas. Thousands of Southern California homes could be at risk in coming days as powerful Santa Ana winds continue to stoke wildfires that scorched thousands of acres from the Mexican border to Santa Barbara County, destroyed at least 31 homes and other buildings and killed at least one person on Frank Lickliter celebrated his first appearance in the British Open with an ace at the 212-yard fifth hole at Royal Lytham &amp; St. Annes on Friday. Philippine President Joseph Estrada said Tuesday that as far as he is concerned, he wants his impeachment trial over before Christmas.
t6848 In another shift on the battlefield south of Kabul, tanks and infantry of forces loyal to Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani have retaken a former frontline from their Taliban rivals. The Sacramento Kings reached an agreement in principle Tuesday with Reggie Theus to become their new coach, ending a meandering two-month search for Eric Musselman's replacement. Britain's party leaders prepared for Thursday's second pre-election television debate, with pressure mounting on Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg after his star turn in last week's contest. Nonfiction AN AMERICAN POET IN PARIS By Charles Robertson. 280 pages. $34.95. University of Missouri Press. Reviewed by Barry James In his 19th straight appearance at the Key Biscayne ATP Masters Series tournament, Andre Agassi commands the affection of a legion of Florida fans, but for the eight-time Grand Slam champion, mere longevity is not enough. Private-equity giant Carlyle Group said Thursday that it is selling a 7.5 percent share of its general partnership to an investment group owned by the government of Abu Dhabi. The army captured the chief of staff of the Rwandan rebels Sunday, dealing a serious blow to efforts by Hutu militiamen and allies to cross from Congo and set up bases in the small central African nation, army spokesman said Sunday. Zhou Tienong, vice-chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), met Tuesday with a delegation from the Australian Political Exchange Council led by Julia Gillard, a member of the Australian Federal Parliament.
t1992 The rand was lower against the dollar Thursday, opening at 3.5855/70 rands to the greenback from an overnight close of 3.5640/55. Chinese tiger farms came under renewed scrutiny Tuesday when wildlife officials confirmed that a team of investigating journalists had been served tiger meet at a farm's restaurant. France on Wednesday condemned the Vatican for blaming gay priests for the paedophile scandal, with the foreign ministry saying it was "unacceptable" to lump the two together. American workers now put more money into pension and retirement-savings plans sponsored by their employers than the companies themselves do. European stock markets rose in early trading on Friday, looking to end the week on an upbeat note after some rocky sessions owing to record high oil prices. Laszlo Kovacs, the Hungarian-born cinematographer who found international fame after treating the American landscape as a character in the landmark 1969 movie ``Easy Rider,'' has died. He was 74. AL manager Joe Torre selected seven of his New York Yankees for next week's All-Star game, including four of the pitchers on his 10-man staff. The meeting focused on the means to banish the spectre of hunger from the face of the Earth, officials from the U.N. Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) said.
t2286 Japanese driver Aguri Suzuki will team-up with France's Olivier Panis in the Ligier formula one team this season it was confirmed Thursday. DaMarcus Beasley scored twice and the Americans beat El Salvador 4-0 Wednesday, finishing group play at the CONCACAF Gold Cup with three victories and heading to the quarterfinals as the only team not to have conceded a goal. Frantic 911 callers have been flooding New York police lines after seeing what appeared to be a person perched on an elevated ledge of the Empire State Building and preparing to jump. Carolyn Barros said the memoirs of Nobel laureate Wole Soyinka have been a student favorite in her class on autobiographical writing for more than a decade. Latvian members of the European Parliament on Friday said they sent a letter of protest to Belarus' EU ambassador to demand that jailed Belarus opposition leader Mikhail Marinich be given medical aid following a stroke and be allowed to see his family. It was raining, but then an English summer wouldn't be English without a shower. The sprinkle quickly became a downpour -- well, not really a ``downpour,'' people said, because these are people who have as many words for rain as Eskimos have for snow. A cemetery that already contains several historic headstones and a presidential monument is enhancing its image as an ``outdoor museum'' with a yearlong exhibition featuring 28 art works. Iraq will resume domestic flights connecting the capital city of Baghdad with Mosul in the north and Basra in the south on November 5, Abdul Karim Hamam, director-general of the Iraqi Airways, said here on Tuesday.
t7901 South African President Nelson Mandela will tour several Gulf countries from April 9 to 12, the South African embassy said here Saturday. Estimates of the number of people killed during Bosnia's 1992-95 war were severely inflated, and the true figure was half that of what was previously believed, researchers said Thursday. A car bomb has exploded outside a police station in Northern Ireland, just days after a failed bid to attack the same target, police said. During one particularly nasty agricultural recession, as farmer after farmer was forced to abandon the land, Congress reached out to help, creating a company to offer them easier credit, the same way it had made mortgages cheaper and more plentiful for millions of homeowners. The UN Security Council on Thursday set up an international inquiry into the assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafiq Hariri. Key Democratic lawmakers are pressing telephone companies to disclose how they shared Americans' calling and Internet data with the government, part of an inquiry into domestic surveillance efforts such as the National Security Agency's warrantless wiretapping program. The United States and the European Union are drawing closer to resolving issues to be covered in a new round of global trade talks, their chief negotiators said Tuesday. One child was killed and some 22 injured Monday in a series of bomb blasts in Pakistan's Central Punjab province, a media report said.
t3268 The Pakistani government Saturday sacked four top officials of the Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FPCCI) as a strike called by the group paralysed life in troubled Karachi. International trade union leaders on Thursday warned pension funds not to invest in private equity and hedge funds, saying they frequently hurt workers and avoid tax. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin will visit Ukraine on Monday following an accord allowing Russia to retain a naval base there until 2042 in return for cheap gas, a Russian statement said. Leading Pentagon officials are putting the final touches on a military plan to invade Iraq, perhaps as soon as this summer, according to two senior administration officials. Boston manager Terry Francona underwent an initial series of tests Thursday, one day after being admitted to hospital of chest pains. Trick-or-treat season this month means there is likely to be lots of mini candy bars and chocolate kisses floating around in many homes. All that chocolate can be a dangerous temptation for dogs and cats. A man charged with killing a 15-year-old girl after a fight following a traffic accident pleaded guilty Tuesday to second-degree murder. The Asian Development Bank, a multilateral development finance institution in the Asia Pacific region, announced that it will increase presence in the Chinese financial market.
t3881 A married woman in the eastern Chinese city of Hangzhou set her lover ablaze in a fit of fiery passion after he refused to break off their relationship, the Xinmin Evening Post said Tuesday. Lindsay's in rehab and Paris is in jail and Britney is posting rambling letters to fans on her Web site. But teen and 'tween girls still have a wholesome role model to look up to -- or rather, see eye-to-eye with -- in "Nancy Drew." A series of bomb blasts at the site of a controversial dam project in a remote part of Myanmar destroyed cars and buildings and left one man injured on Saturday, an official said. The biggest mystery in ``New Best Friend,'' a preposterous, prurient whodunit set on a North Carolina college campus, is how a charismatic rising star like Taye Diggs got stuck in the thankless role of a police officer investigating a drug overdose. As Artie, the acting sheriff who is stonewalled Malaysia said Tuesday it had awarded full licenses to five foreign brokerages for the first time as part of market liberalisation moves to advance its capital markets. As Iraqi politicians flew north on Thursday to survey the devastation in two villages ruined by bombings, Shiite and Kurdish political leaders in Baghdad announced the formation of a new alliance intended to begin mending the fractured government and defuse the forces behind such violence. Former Beatle George Harrison, who has been battling cancer, said Monday he's ``feeling fine'' after receiving radiotherapy treatment in Switzerland. ATHENS, November 8 (Xinhua) --Greek Foreign Minister George Papandreou held talks Wednesday with visiting Yugoslav Democratic Party leader, Zoran Djindjic, on immediate economic aid to Belgrade, developments in Kosovo and Balkan reconstruction.
t3755 The Canadian government Monday blasted the European Union for cutting off all formal ties over a fishing dispute and refuted reports that Canada was willing to raise fishing quotas for European fleets. A beleaguered Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas declared a state of emergency and disbanded the Hamas-led unity government after the Islamic militant group vanquished its Fatah rivals and effectively took control of the Gaza Strip on Thursday. German carrier Lufthansa, Europe's biggest airline, said it would cancel flights worldwide until 1200 GMT Sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. There are two theories about Wall Street's role in the bubble years of the new economy. Either investment analysts were swept up, like everybody else, in the prospect of extraordinary gains in efficiency that the Internet would bring, so justifying ever higher share prices. Or Wall Street saw a One of four rogue traders who lost 280 million US dollars from unauthorised foreign exchange dealings at Australia's biggest bank pleaded guilty in court here Tuesday. The Bush administration has approved a plan to expand domestic access to some of the most powerful tools of 21st-century spycraft, giving law enforcement officials and others the ability to view data obtained from satellite and aircraft sensors that can see through cloud cover and even penetrate buildings and With his trademark Stetson hat, cowboy boots and raspy drawl, S. David Freeman has seized center stage in California's power crisis. The gross domestic product (GDP) of Beijing, the Chinese capital, hit 169.34 billion yuan (about 20. 4 billion U.S. dollars) during the first three quarters of this year, up 11 percent over the same period of last year.
t6272 President Bill Clinton expressed sorrow Monday over a Palestinian attack on the West Bank that left two Jewish settlers dead, and said terrorism would not be allowed to derail the Mideast peace process. A car bomb struck near a Shiite mosque in a busy commercial district Tuesday in Baghdad, killing at least 12 people and wounding more than 50, police said. Judges trying Radovan Karadzic heard Wednesday that a witness survived the 1995 Srebrenica massacre by feigning death, hiding under the body of a fellow Muslim shot by Serb soldiers. Elusive young man that he is, William Green escaped the pursuit of Butch Davis when Davis, then head coach at the University of Miami, recruited him four years ago out of Holy Spirit High in Atlantic City. A high-speed train will link Moscow and Saint Petersburg in 2007, the chief of Russian Railways Gennady Fadeyev said according to the company's statement published Friday. The Senate, which in recent days has been preoccupied with the state of democracy in Iraq, will soon have a chance to bolster democracy at home. The Democratic leadership is supporting legislation that would give residents of the District of Columbia a vote in the House of Representatives. The Hit or miss, Saturday's attempt to shoot down a mock nuclear warhead in space will mark the beginning of greatly accelerated anti-missile tests costing $100 million apiece, a Pentagon official said Friday. Though the ministers have five days to compare notes, their assistants who had been here for already five days left them with a grim deadlock hinged on the approach of the United States.
t4417 Japan's Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd. (DKB) plans to upgrade its representative office in Dalian, China, to a branch, Kyodo News Service said Wednesday. Leonard Slatkin will be the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's principal guest conductor for the next three years, beginning in September 2008. France will shut all its mainland airports on Sunday and run test flights for volcanic ash in the southwest as the fallout from an eruption in Iceland spreads, aviation authorities said. They looked like slap-happy Little Leaguers, as Brian Daubach jumped on Jason Varitek's back, Carlos Baerga belly-womped Ugueth Urbina, and nearly everyone else in a Red Sox uniform frolicked on the emerald lawn in the Fens as if they had just won the biggest game of their lives _ US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld arrived in Brazil on Tuesday for a visit with President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and other top officials to focus on the increased violence in Haiti as well as regional security, officials said. all those words that start with self. She is obsessed with her looks and moves, compared with her imagined ideal. A Marine Corps helicopter crashed into a river during a mock nighttime ship landing, killing three Marines and injuring two. The annual meeting of the third council of the China-Russia Friendship Association was held here Friday, with participants vowing to make new efforts to further promote friendship between the people of China and Russia.
t7878 Singapore's prime minister, Goh Chok Tong, has defended the hanging here of a Filipina maid, which sparked a diplomatic rift with Manila, but hoped the row would blow over, according to a statement from his office Saturday. A special Bangladesh court convicted a former junior Cabinet minister of corruption Thursday and sentenced him to 13 years in jail, his lawyer said. Any oil spilt from a huge drilling rig that sank Thursday after an earlier explosion could threaten Louisiana's fragile ecosystem, already stressed by hurricanes and coastal erosion. New York will ask Congress for more than the $21.3 billion it has already been promised to help rebuild Lower Manhattan, Sen. Charles E. Schumer, D-N.Y., told a conference of civic and urban-planning groups Friday. The United States and Antigua both claimed to be winners Thursday after the World Trade Organization partly reversed an earlier ruling on US restrictions on cross-border gaming on the Internet. Did the FBI foil a 2006 plot to bomb Chicago's Sears Tower, or finance a fictitious plot to serve as an election-year victory in the war on terror? Merrill Lynch's second-quarter earnings plunged nearly 41 percent from a year ago as the nation's largest brokerage firm was hurt by a steep decline in revenues from stock trading as well as continued weakness in its investment banking and asset management businesses. Israel's Supreme Court defers its ruling which will decide the fate of the opposition parties' early-election bills in the first and second readings, court officials announced Monday.
t3526 Japan's four biggest brewers said Monday their beer shipments in February dipped by 1.5 percent from a year earlier to 396,225 kiloliters, partly due to the fatal Kobe earthquake on January 17. Russian prosecutors are investigating a recent art exhibit at a leading human rights center on suspicion that it incited religious hatred, officials said Thursday. Thailand has protested to the Australian government over the airing of a documentary critical of the Thai royal family and warned that the broadcast could affect ties between the nations. Circumcising men may significantly reduce the rate of cervical cancer in women by decreasing the spread of a sexually transmitted virus that causes nearly all cases of cervical cancer, researchers are reporting. Estonian Prime Minister Juhan Parts announced Monday he will stand down and dissolve the government after parliament passed a vote of no confidence in Justice Minister Ken-Marti Vaher over a controversial anti-graft plan. The O.J. Simpson book, ``If I Did it,'' which might or might not be the confessions of the football great about the murder of his ex-wife Nicole and her friend Ron Goldman, has been sold to an undisclosed publisher by Los Angeles agent Sharlene Martin. Riot police restored order and community leaders called for calm Sunday after an outbreak of racial violence that injured 120 police officers in this troubled city in northern England. Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben-Ami will visit Egypt on Tuesday to meet President Hosni Mubarak and his Egyptian counterpart Amr Moussa to discuss the latest situation in the Middle East.
t2615 Argentina completed the process of ratifying the nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty (NPT) by filing ratification papers with the Russian foreign ministry Friday, a ministry spokesman said. Police near Athens raided a cocaine lab they described as the first of its kind to have been discovered in the European Union, and arrested five suspects, including a Briton, authorities said Wednesday. An Indian rocket showcasing domestically built booster technology crashed soon after take-off on Thursday in a blow to the country's space ambitions, officials said. An old name in advertising is disappearing after 133 years. N.W. Ayer is being merged into a sibling agency in New York, the Kaplan Thaler Group, by their parent, the Bcom3 Group. An explosion occurred at a theater inside a British school in the Qatari capital Doha Saturday, a diplomatic source told AFP. The phenomenon of unassisted home birth exemplifies the growing influence of the Internet: Widely dispersed proponents of the practice have been able to form virtual communities, allowing them to communicate, offer advice and support -- and normalize for themselves a fringe practice. American adventurer Steve Fossett said Thursday he'll make another attempt to fly his giant balloon around the world alone this summer. The head of club owner Bayer AG will be asked next week to release Rudi Voeller from his contract so he can fill the German coaching vacancy, said Bayer Leverkusen' s manager Tuesday.
t7789 The House of Representatives approved Friday a Republican welfare overhaul which would end decades of social programs and make individual states responsible for the poor. Serbia on Thursday welcomed Russia's rejection of a revised U.N. resolution that it said would only delay internationally supervised independence for its breakaway Kosovo province. A one-day strike brought Indian Kashmir to a standstill Friday, in a protest at the death sentences handed to three members of a separatist group who bombed a New Delhi market in 1996. Jamie Gertz tackles Radner life story in `It's Always Something' EDs: EMBARGOED FOR SUNDAY, APRIL 28. By KEVIN D. THOMPSON c. 2002 Cox News Service Dutch authorities at Schiphol airport arrested a gang who smuggled dozens of Chinese children into the Netherlands and sent them on to other European countries including Italy and France, Dutch media reported Thursday. This meme was popularized not long after Mugabe began seizing white-owned farms in 2000. Four years ago, in response to tho se raids, T he New York Times editorialized that "in 23 years as president, Mr. Mugabe has gone from independence hero to tyrant." Earlier this week, Archbishop Desmond First, a government official said President Vicente Fox's surprise wedding to his former spokeswoman was legally questionable. Now comes criticism from a Roman Catholic cardinal who says Fox and his bride are living in sin. Brazil's exports of motorcycles rose to 51,404 units in the first 10 months of the year, a 94-percent increase over he same period of last year, the Brazilian Association of Motorcycles Manufacturers reported Saturday.
t956 State-run National Power Corp. (NPC) signed an agreement Monday with a subsidiary of the Union Oil of California for the rehabilitation of the two major geothermal plants with a total capacity of 676 megawatts. Britain's opposition Conservative Party is calling on Parliament on Monday to back a formal inquiry into the decision to go to war in Iraq. Iran will not have the capacity to build a nuclear weapon for at least another year, if not longer, US Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Tuesday. Swim with the piranhas in the Amazon, climb Everest blindfolded, cajole the guards to enter the Queen's Palace, and run the wrong way ``against the bulls in Pamplona. United States lawmakers ripped into Major League Baseball's new drug testing plan describing it as shamefully inadequate here Wednesday on the eve of a Congressional hearing into rampant steroid taking by star players. As a bit of color in a recent profile, The Boston Globe revealed that in 1983, current GOP presidential aspirant Mitt Romney hoisted a kennel containing the beloved family dog Seamus atop the roof of the family Chevrolet station wagon for a 12-hour summer drive to the family manse Police sought an arrest warrant Monday for a U.S. Air Force sergeant suspected of raping an Okinawan woman in a parking lot outside a row of bars, national broadcaster NHK reported. Myanmar's meat production is improving under its second five-year plan from 1996-97 to 2000- 2001, according to Tuesday's official newspaper The New Light of Myanmar.
t5202 South Korea accused North Korea Friday of staging its largest air exercises in years ahead of new talks on the peninsula's nuclear problem, but pressed ahead with plans to finance new reactors for its pugnacious neighbor. Burundian President Pierre Nkurunziza and the leader of Burundi's holdout rebels agreed Sunday that rebel members held in Burundian prisons be released, a key issue that has slowed down implementation of a nine-month old cease-fire. Airlines want governments to reopen routes through the volcanic ash cloud over Europe, the International Air Transport Association said Monday, saying the crisis is "now greater that September 11". Aquila, formerly called UtiliCorp United Inc., said it will establish state offices to oversee its domestic gas and electric utilities, which have 1.3 million customers in Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Colorado, Iowa, Michigan and Minnesota. The NSW Waratahs may be unbeaten after a month's Super 12 rugby but tournament heavyweights Canterbury Crusaders are the favourites with bookmakers to win their sixth southern hemisphere provincial crown. Scientists have for the first time determined the order of virtually every letter of DNA code in an individual, offering an unprecedented readout of the separate genetic contributions made by that person's mother and father. You gotta like Murray Burns, the hero of Herb Gardner's 1962 comedy ``A Thousand Clowns,'' being revived on Broadway with most of its charm intact and a personable Tom Selleck in the leading role. Two swans became " distinguished" guests of a hotel in north China's Shanxi Province since they had trouble in their flying to the warm south for the winter season.
t2527 International Monetary Fund chief Michel Camdessus said here Friday that Russia qualified for a crucial 6.5 billion dollar IMF loan after Russian officials promised to toe a strict reformist line. Celebrity fashion designer Anand Jon Alexander pleaded not guilty Tuesday to 13 new charges of sexual assault Tuesday after at least six more women and girls accused him of abuse. US President Barack Obama said Thursday the explosion that killed 29 miners last week was "first and foremost" a failure of management by operators of the West Virginia mine. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told President Bush Saturday that Israel would expedite its withdrawal from Palestinian areas, after Bush called for a pullout ``without delay. France gave themselves a fighting chance of retaining the Six Nations championship after crushing Italy 56-13 in their final match at the Flaminio stadium here on Saturday. When a group of 50 high school students visiting the White House in June handed President Bush a letter urging him to stop the torture of suspected terrorists, the president took their letter, read it, then told the students that ``the United States does not torture.'' Chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. warned Thursday its second-quarter earnings will fall far short of expectations as sales declined 17 percent from the first quarter. The Malaysian Institute of Economic Research (MIER) has projected the Malaysian economy to grow by 8.4 percent for the whole of 2000 and 6.3 percent for 2001.
t6950 Suspected Moslem militants shot dead at least four people and wounded four more in an attack on a train on Wednesday near the southern Egyptian city of Minya, police said. Oil prices retreated Wednesday amid caution that a U.S. fuel supplies report due later in the session will show increases in oil product inventories and a draw in crude oil stocks. England international centre Riki Flutey will leave French side Brive to rejoin his previous club Wasps at the end of the season, the Top 14 club announced on Thursday. The Navy on Tuesday torpedoed the proposed El Toro airport, a move that could increase pressure for controversial airport expansions at LAX, Burbank and Long Beach and spur new service to the Antelope Valley and Inland Empire. Two Indian paramilitary troopers were killed and nine injured overnight in an ambush by heavily-armed Islamic militants in restive India-administered Kashmir, police said Monday. Ghostley died at her home in the Studio City neighborhood of Los Angeles after a long battle with colon cancer and a series of strokes, said Jim Pinkston, a longtime friend. A boat carrying illegal immigrants overturned Sunday while trying to flee a U.S. Coast Guard vessel in the Caribbean, killing at least three people, the Coast Guard said. CSKA Moscow coach Pavel Sadyrin has undergone a second operation on a broken hip, according to the Russian premier division club.
t8840 A gunbattle erupted between Dhaka students and police as the Bangladesh opposition's latest campaign to bring down the government saw clashes in which 100 people were injured. Germany said Friday it wants EU governments to negotiate a new European Union treaty -- even though Poland is fiercely opposed to the proposed roadmap to replace the bloc's stalled constitution. Hungary's new government will continue to work with the IMF and the EU, Prime Minister designate Viktor Orban said Monday, but he insisted it will not submit to all their demands. The ABA, the ``other'' professional basketball league, went head-to-head with the NBA for nine seasons beginning in 1967 and left its mark in a relatively short period of time. Ultimately, the ABA gave the NBA four new teams (Denver, Indiana, New Jersey and San Antonio), the 3-point shot and At least three people including an Indian citizen and a young girl were killed and 27 others injured when their bus ran over a landmine south of Kathmandu, police said Saturday. Over the last five years, his once heavily armed Kurdish militia was disbanded, his mountainside base crushed by U.S. cruise missiles, his movement thrown into chaos. For 22 months he was locked up at Baghdad's notorious Camp Cropper with his former blood enemies, including dictator Saddam Hussein. Dominik Hasek, the NHL's top goalie, was released from a hospital Thursday, two weeks after being admitted for treatment of an unspecified illness. The No.2 Beijing Municipal Intermediate People's Court held a hearing over a case by Pfizer, the producer of " viagra," based in the United States, against a Chinese company.
t4000 Boris Becker signed a three year contract worth almost seven million dollars here on Tuesday to promote tennis in Germany. A former detainee is allowed to keep former Attorney General John Ashcroft, FBI Director Robert Mueller and others in a lawsuit that claims prisoners were mistreated and subject to ethnic and religious discrimination after Sept. 11, a federal appeals court ruled. Danish airspace will remain closed until at least 2:00 am (0000 GMT) Sunday due to a massive ash cloud from an erupting Icelandic volcano that has paralysed air traffic across Europe, aviation authorities said. Tim Knight, older son of Texas Tech University men's basketball coach Bob Knight and an assistant athletic director at the school, arranged for merchandise purchased by the university to be shipped to an Indianapolis store operated by his mother without the university receiving payment, according to a Tech official North Korean Premier Pak Pong-Ju told Chinese leaders Tuesday that his country had not given up on nuclear crisis talks and was ready to resume negotiations when conditions were favorable, a Chinese official said. A Washington Post article misspelled the name of John Simson and misstated his job title. He is the executive director of SoundExchange. Lance Armstrong finished in 80th place in the second stage of the Tour de France on Monday and again had to fend off questions about drugs and cycling. The Philippine government said Wednesday it was keeping a hands-off policy on reported plans in Congress to unseat from power the lawmakers who bolted the administration coalition last week.
t1679 New Zealand cricket, trying to celebrate its 100th anniversary, cannot seem to get the presents -- the guests keep taking them. Serbia's JAT Airways, the national carrier of the Balkan nation that has endured wars, sanctions, union strikes and NATO missile strikes, may soon be privatized, the company's general manager said Tuesday. Denmark will shut its embassies in Algeria, Jordan, Bosnia and Nicaragua to save money after security costs have risen to prevent against terrorism, the foreign ministry said Wednesday. The Transportation Security Administration has ordered hundreds of machines that screen luggage for bombs, two makers announced, but not nearly as many as it will need to meet a deadline to screen all checked bags by the end of this year. Both companies have also agreed to license their Gasoline prices at the pump jumped to a record 2.055 dollars per gallon (3.8 liters) for self-self regular grade fuel, topping a record set 10 months ago, the American Automobile Association said Thursday. Being bullied online is an increasingly big problem. Here's how middle-schoolers said they felt when they faced this kind of bullying: An Indiana jury has awarded damages of $140 million to Guidant Corp. in a patent infringement case involving implantable heart defibrillators made by St. Jude Medical Inc., St. Jude said Tuesday. A man was in critical condition with extensive burns after an explosion that ripped through a general store in the southwest of Sydney in southeast Australia Friday morning, Sydney police said.
t2568 The US unemployment rate for February fell to a four-year low of 5.4 percent, with temporary office help leading jobs creation, the US Labor Department said Friday. Testimony has begun in the trial of a Connecticut couple accused of embezzling some $3 million (euro2.25 million) from the sale of a vintage Ferrari automobile. US stocks opened mixed on Thursday as the Nasdaq beat off downward pressure from an unexpected rise in unemployment claims. You've got to love this youngster they call Came Home, this latest Great California Hope, this apparent horse of destiny. Latvia, which prides itself on its rich blend of cultures including the largest ethnic Russian community in the Baltics, on Saturday marked anti-discrimination day, as statistics showed intolerance to be on the rise. Army Secretary Pete Geren has censured a retired three-star general for misconduct in the investigation of the 2004 friendly-fire death of former National Football League player and Army ranger Pat Tillman. Geren also recommended that the general be evaluated for a possible demotion, an extremely rare move. Cliff Floyd won't have a problem flying to Seattle if he wants to confront Bobby Valentine in person about being snubbed for the All-Star Game. Considering the dilemma facing traditional Chinese medicine, experts proposed recently that the only way to modernize Chinese medicine is to combine it with biotechnology.
t396 South Africa won the toss and decided to bat first in the centenary cricket test against New Zealand at Eden Park here Saturday. Ruud Van Nistelrooy scored his second goal in the 89th minute as Real Madrid rallied to draw 2-2 at Zaragoza Saturday to keep its hopes of a Spanish league title alive after Espanyol managed a 2-2 draw at FC Barcelona. Chinese President Hu Jintao stressed the need to continue a dialogue with Iran over its suspect nuclear program when he met Monday with his US counterpart Barack Obama, a Chinese official said. The Los Angeles Daily News will not move the Los Angeles-datelined TV-TEENS tonight. If there are questions, please call William Toren at (818) 713-3701. x x x The EU will keep its door open for Croatia even if it delays the start of EU accession talks with Zagreb due to a standoff over a key war crimes suspect, the bloc's presidency said Wednesday. Beverly Sills, the charismatic and ebullient soprano whose singing career was just the first chapter of her public life, died Monday. She was 78. The cause was cancer, for which she underwent surgery in 1974. Four people were seriously injured Saturday when a Danish tour bus overturned as it came off a highway near the central French city of Lyon, police said. UEFA banned Arsenal's Gilles Grimandi for three matches and Sinisa Mihajlovic of Lazio two on Friday following incidents in Tuesday's Champions League match in Rome.
t6859 Sony president Norio Ohga announced his resignation on Wednesday and said he would be replaced by Nobuyuki Idei, currently the company's executive director, as part of new team management at the giant electronics company. Six-party talks to resolve the North Korean nuclear standoff could resume soon after July 4 as nations move toward dismantling the communist country's nuclear facilities, the U.S. envoy to the talks said Wednesday. US President Barack Obama said Thursday that his financial reforms would bring an end to taxpayer bailouts as he made a defining pitch for America to overhaul Wall Street regulations. WASHINGTON - Buffeted by a year of crises, the electric power industry needs ``vigilant'' government oversight to reassure investors and consumers that ``someone is minding the store,'' a top Bush administration energy regulator told industry leaders Tuesday. US officials in Iraq have voiced reservations over some of the names put forward to lead the defense and interior ministries in the next government, a member of the winning Shiite alliance said Sunday. "We thought the Chileans were attacking," Junquilla, 53, recalled Thursday, referring to Peru's historic rival, Chile. "That's what everyone was saying. It was very loud." President Thabo Mbeki successfully pressured other African leaders to tone down a resolution praising Zimbabwe's land reform program, a newspaper reported Sunday. Famous Chinese film stars, Chen Daoming and Gong Li, won the best actor and actress awards tonight at the ninth China Golden Rooster Film Festival.
t5368 The chairman of media magnate Silvio Berlusconi's Fininvest communications empire, Fedele Confalonieri, proposed a round-table discussion Friday to safeguard the future of three of the group's national television stations. Billy Graham prayed then kissed a red rose and placed it on Ruth Graham's casket during a private burial at the library recently opened in his honor. Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Tuesday called for revising "Byzantine" rules for US arms exports, saying the current system undermines allies while failing to prevent sensitive technology from falling into the wrong hands. It's rare to see a director devouring a tub of popcorn at the premiere of his first feature film. Usually fledgling filmmakers are so nervous they can barely talk, much less eat. The European Union is studying an Iranian proposal to allow the Islamic republic to produce enriched uranium on a small scale, despite the EU's stated position that Tehran must abandon the process to guarantee it will not make atom bombs, officials and diplomats said Thursday. As long as movies have existed, they have shown immigrants flocking to America for a better life. But in post-9/11 America, where security concerns have made illegal immigration one of the most divisive issues of our day, the era of uplift is over. In today's films, an immigrant coming Race car driver Jeff Andretti, charged with disorderly conduct for interfering with Bethlehem police during a friend's traffic stop, pleaded guilty in the case. An Antonov-24 aircraft crashed and then burst into fires on Wednesday in a suburban area of the Angolan capital Luanda, with all the passengers and crew members aboard feared to have been killed.
t6687 Some 3,000 police officers began a search early Wednesday of buildings of a religious sect in Tokyo, two days after the deadly nerve gas Sarin was released in the capital's subway system, the public Japan Broadcasting Corp. (NHK) said. NEW YORK -- New York City's plan to demolish some old houses has angered critics who say the homes were once part of the 19th-century Underground Railroad network of safe houses that hid escaped slaves. Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe said Thursday he backed Iran's nuclear programme, which has raised the threat of new UN sanctions against the Islamic state. Chances are, Kobe Bryant won't miss 18 times again, not in one game, and maybe not in the next two or three games combined. Chances are, Shaquille O'Neal will find a better position from which to dunk. The Al-Jazeera satellite channel said Sunday that its crew in Beirut had received a threat from an unknown caller who vowed to "blow up" its offices in the Lebanese capital for its coverage of an overnight explosion. That alleged mistreatment of the Indonesian woman, identified only as Jane Doe No. 1, was contained in a new federal indictment brought against the couple, Mahender Sabhnani and his wife, Varsha, in U.S. District Court in Central Islip. While continuing to fight extradition, American fugitive Ira Einhorn believes he could win acquittal on murder charges if he was brought back to Philadelphia. South Africa and Botswana will join hands in their fight against cross-border crimes, South African Defense Minister Mosiuoa Lekota said in Botswana's capital Gaborone on Tuesday.
t3945 Israeli and PLO officials met here Tuesday for their first round of negotiations on Palestinian self-rule elections since setting a July 1 target for agreement on the next phase of autonomy. Early results from a necropsy performed on a whale shark that died at the Georgia Aquarium this week produced no conclusive findings on the cause of death, aquarium officials said. Sudan's first competitive elections in more than two decades "fall short" of meeting international standards, former US president Jimmy Carter, who has been monitoring the polls, said on Saturday. If he adds a victory in the Blue Grass Stakes on Saturday to his romp in the Florida Derby in March, the Ohio-bred colt Harlan's Holiday will become the undisputed favorite for the May 4 Kentucky Derby. That's an ``if'' to bet against, considering how this Triple Crown preps UN and European leaders have appealed for calm and talks between the government and opposition in Kyrgyzstan to ease ongoing unrest that has seen protesters take over some official buildings and airports. Houseplants add beauty and fragrance to your home -- the challenge is keeping them alive and well. Check out DIY Network's ``The Dirt On'' and get some great tips from experts on the proper lighting, watering and feeding of indoor plants; 8 a.m. Sunday. Those chills down your spine are not necessarily from the air conditioning. Your television set is haunted and no electronic exorcism will vanquish the ghosts. As a matter of fact, such a model has been written into the revised Organic Law of Villagers' Committee, enacted in 1998 by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), China's parliament.
t3154 Croatia has agreed to allow UN peacekeepers to remain in the former Yugoslav republic but with a reduced mandate that will stress monitoring Croatia's borders, Croatian President Franjo Tudjman said here Sunday. A detained Philippine coup suspect, who has vowed to work for President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo's ouster, won a Senate seat in a phenomenal victory some analysts see as an anti-government vote, officials said Thursday. Air traffic disruption brought about by the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland is estimated to be costing airlines more than 200 million dollars per day, the International Air Transport Association said Friday. ``Changing Lanes'' isn't a terrible movie, but it is terrible in the way that it is emblematic of how Hollywood studios can whittle away an interesting idea until there's nothing left that's distinct or interesting. It's one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling At least 12 people were killed and more than 200 were injured by a tropical storm that flattened more than 3,000 houses in 15 villages in northern Bangladesh, police said Monday. At large formal events with multiple tables, place cards are really the only graceful way to help guests find their seats. Even at small dinners, a strategic seating plan can make or break spirited conversation (How about the Obama backer next to the Giuliani fan, or a Nats nut Brett Tomko hopes he caught some major league teams' attention this week with his no-hitter for the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers. The State Research Center on Management of Information Resources in Nanjing, capital of east China's Jiangsu Province, was set up in Nanjing University Saturday.
t4739 US Defense Secretary William Perry will begin a seven-day tour of the Gulf Friday to bolster US "security strategy" and bilateral relations, a senior defense official said. A leading Damascus-based Palestinian group on Saturday criticized Hamas and Fatah for their recent conflict in the Palestinian territories, urging the rival groups to calm the situation for the sake of the Palestinian people. European transport ministers agreed to ease, from Tuesday, restrictions on flights imposed due to the ash cloud emanating from an Icelandic volcano, the EU commission announced. A Supreme Court tribunal has reached a decision in the 1998 death of San Antonio Express-News writer Philip True, and its ruling is expected this week, the presiding judge says. French President Jacques Chirac condemned Wednesday Britain's long-cherished EU rebate as "unjustified," saying the bloc will not be able to agree new medium-term budget plans unless it is revised. Hussein Alinejad earns just $217 a month selling fragrant kebabs of chicken and lamb in a steamy shop here, and he knew Iran's leader couldn't help but be moved by his plight. Rep. Gary Condit still is not a suspect in Chandra Levy's disappearance, but police say they continue to need more information from him. The Qatar capital Doha will stage the 2006 Asian Games, it was announced by the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) on Sunday.
t5627 Rob Andrew set new records as he kicked England to the Five Nations Grand Slam, Triple Crown and Calcutta Cup, scoring all his side's points in the try-less 24-12 win here on Saturday. UEFA will investigate allegations of racist abuse by Serbia players and fans during Sunday's 2-0 loss to England at the under-21 European Championship. Indian vice-captain Virender Sehwag will miss the World Twenty20 tournament for the second time in a row due to a shoulder injury, an official said on Tuesday. Sandra Bullock dispatches her perky, wholesome image in ``Murder by Numbers,'' playing a maverick homicide detective whose latest case parallels her own dark past. British sports minister Richard Caborn told UEFA officials here Thursday that football governing bodies had to toughen up their punishments for racist behaviour. The announcement by Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill, the chief U.S. negotiator on North Korea, capped a day of diplomacy that began with an awkward exchange between President Bush and South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun over north-south relations on the Korean peninsula. Supporters of landmark campaign finance legislation clashed with Republican leaders for control of the House floor on Thursday in a political brawl that left the bill's prospects in doubt. The European Union is set to thoroughly discuss enlarged check-ups on the cattle herds in member states in an effort to reinstate consumers' confidence.
t4378 Bosnian government authorities have arrested a local UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) interpreter, the latest in a series of such moves by both of the warring parties, the UN said Wednesday. It was a $100 million (euro75.1 million) mistake, and a federal judge said Friday he does not have the power to fix it. Yet another new pitch will be laid at Wembley following heavy criticism of the playing surface at English football's national stadium. The commander of Israeli forces in central Ramallah said on Saturday that he was trying to relax the siege on Yasser Arafat's compound here, ``at least for the time being.'' The United States has seen encouraging signs but no firm decision that the European Union was ready to put off plans to lift its arms embargo on China, officials said Tuesday. A Washington Post article about Hurricane Dean incorrectly said that the storm was the first Category 5 hurricane in 25 years to make landfall in the Atlantic basin. The last Category 5 hurricane to make landfall in the basin was Andrew, which hit Florida 15 years ago. The United States is backing Israeli demands for the United Nations to turn over a videotape that shows the possible kidnappers of three Israeli soldiers. The European Union (EU) said Friday that it would ask the World Trade Organization (WTO) for the power to impose sanctions on U.S. goods in response to an unresolved dispute over a U.S. tax break scheme.
t5454 Thai police arrested two Americans and a Canadian man on forgery charges after the trio allegedly tried to use 50 million dollars in fake promissory notes to obtain cash in Bangkok, a police official said Saturday. The New Delhi High Court halted Monday the extradition of an Indian man suspected of raping and killing a British teenager, the suspect's lawyer said. The Dutch traffic inspectorate announced Tuesday it would allow the first night flights since airspace was closed last Thursday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. Hewlett-Packard scored a critical victory Wednesday, after a preliminary official count confirmed its claim that shareholders voted to approve the blockbuster deal to buy Compaq Computer. The rift between United Nations members over how to make Khartoum accountable for crimes committed in the war-torn Darfur region makes the prospect of further violence more likely, rebels and commentators warned Thursday. The Federal Election Commission continues its push to clamp down on freewheeling political activity by the independent groups known as 527s. This week the FEC announced a settlement with the group Club for Growth that will require the conservative political organization to pay a $350,000 fine for failing to Police detained two pro-Tibetan activists protesting China's bid for the 2008 Olympics on Thursday, a day after at least eight people were detained at a demonstration coinciding with the IOC meeting in Moscow. The annual conference of the Fifth Asian Pacific Symposium on Textile Industry was staged Tuesday in Shenzhen of south China's Guangdong Province.
t3088 India's ruling Congress (I) party was Sunday poised to lose control of two key states in a historic poll verdict forcing a fresh crisis on beleaguered Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao. An attack at a southern China primary school left a 9-year-old boy dead and three other students seriously wounded, state media reported Thursday. Pakistan Friday welcomed a report by a UN-appointed panel which said the assassination of former premier Benazir Bhutto could have been averted. ATLANTA - In early 1947, Alma Henderson boarded an Air France plane to cross the Atlantic. The graduate of Toccoa Falls Schools was headed to the British Cameroon to spread the word of God. Protests over Kyrgyzstan's disputed parliamentary polls turned violent on Sunday, with four people reported killed in a police assault on an occupied government building in the former Soviet republic. An Israeli human rights group charged Tuesday that Israel has used concrete barricades, fences, checkpoints and other measures to impose restrictions on Palestinian movement in the West Bank that are ``unprecedented in scope and duration.'' Ending a stalemate that threatened to cast a shadow over a key security alliance, the United States surrendered an American serviceman accused of rape to Japanese authorities Friday, allowing police formally to arrest him. Spiritual leader of the Palestinian Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) Sheikh Ahmed Yassin said peace with Israel was possible within the border lines of 1967.
t6346 South Korea signalled Tuesday that it may be backing out of a bruising battle for the leadership of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and would accept the number-two post under US and European pressure. North Korea fired a short-range missile into the sea toward Japan, a South Korean intelligence official said Tuesday, as signs of progress in ending Pyongyang's nuclear program gathered steam. Passengers from around the world dozed on floors and huddled in blankets at London's Heathrow airport Wednesday, still waiting to get home after days of misery even after the flight ban was lifted. No matter who's pulled the trigger in the front office for the Atlanta Falcons in their 37-year history, the draft has frequently been like an amusement park ride for fans. US officials held an "unpublicized" meeting with exiled Syrian dissidents in Washington to discuss ways of "weakening the Syrian regime," a pan-Arab newspaper reported Saturday. The number of foreign fighters entering Iraq from Syria has decreased noticeably in recent months, corresponding to a similar decrease in suicide bombings and other attacks by the group al-Qaida in Iraq, according to U.S. military and intelligence officials. Colorado Rockies first baseman Todd Helton was out of the starting lineup against the Texas Rangers on Friday night because of a strained right hamstring. Zambian government owes pensioners more than 120 billion kwacha (about 30 million U.S. dollars), national chairman for Zambia National Pensioner Association (ZNPA) Mike Bwalya has said.
t2201 A Russian far-right extremist who threatened to shoot certain parliamentary deputies in the back of the head faces six months in prison after being charged with making death threats, Interfax reported Thursday. China claimed its seventh consecutive sweep at the Sudirman Cup, routing England 5-0 Tuesday to take control of Group A at the world mixed team badminton championships. Belgium and Switzerland may be the current kings of chocolate, but Syrian confectioners believe another country deserves to be up there too, and already they are feeding an international sweet tooth. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. A Florida judge has issued an order barring doctors from turning off the feeding tube of a woman who has been in a vegetative state for 15 years while her husband and parents fight over whether she should be kept alive, US lawmakers said Friday. Financially strapped homeowners got another dose of bad news Thursday: The United States' second-largest mortgage lender said it would stop issuing subprime loans through independent brokers. Mortar fire exploded in the hills above Macedonia's second-largest city, evidence that the four-month-old insurgency was not abating despite President Boris Trajkovski's announcement of progress in reviving his peace plan. Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides Tuesday said that it is too early to speak of a "Camp David" method to solve the Cyprus problem, because the gap between positions of the two sides is too large.
t5431 Algeria's banned Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) on Friday denounced the killings of "innocent civilians" and accused the government of having been responsible for such attacks. As many as 36 people were killed in a fierce battle early Monday between Shiite militiamen and British forces doing house-to-house searches south of Baghdad, Iraqi police and hospital officials said. Oil prices rose dramatically in New York trade on Tuesday, amid optimism about the state of the economy and the prospect of transatlantic air travel resuming. In what is believed to be the largest experiment in privatization ever mounted by an American school district, a state panel charged with improving the Philadelphia public school system voted Wednesday night to transfer control of 42 failing city schools to seven outside managers, including Edison Schools Inc. and Grinding poverty has been one of the main drivers of the protests in Kyrgyzstan's south, where destitute farmers and city dwellers have joined forces to topple federal representatives in the volatile region. Nearly 30 Southern Californians are suspected of dying as a result of the recent heat wave, most of them falling into familiar patterns of who dies during periods of extremely high temperatures. The Falun Gong said at least 10 of its followers were beaten to death at a labor camp in northeastern China _ the same province where other members of the spiritual group died in a labor camp under disputed circumstances earlier this month. MANILA, November 15 (Xinhua) -- The Philippine government reiterated Wednesday its call to the lawmakers to speed up the impeachment trial of President Joseph Estrada amid reports that the opposition may derail the process to fan public discontent.
t4929 Islamic extremists killed two sisters, aged 16 and 17, bringing to nine the number of girls and women slain in the last six days. security officials said on Thursday. Hungary's Zsolt Erdei retained his WBO light heavyweight title on Saturday, stopping American challenger George Blades in the 11th round. Slovakia reopened its airspace as of Monday 14:38 pm (1238 GMT), after having partially opened its skies almost four hours earlier, the transport ministry told AFP. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of MONDAY, APRIL 15, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com India's planned new patent law is set to make the country a global research base as more and more multinationals are likely to open up shop to take advantage of its large pool of scientists and low-cost labour, pharmaceutical experts said Wednesday. If history is any guide, vast acres blackened in Greece's deadly wildfires will eventually sprout anew -- with luxury villas, fancy hotels and expensive vacation homes. Secretary of State Colin Powell called on Israel and the Palestinians on Wednesday to get violence down to a level that would make it possible to take preliminary moves toward a resumption of peacemaking. The latest report by the National Bureau of Statistics says that China invested 334.9 billion yuan (40.35 billion U.S. dollars) in education in 1999, up 13.56 percent from the previous year.
t4802 Norway has decided to start scientific hunting on baby seals, but a ban on commercial hunting remains in place for 1995. Kenyan security forces have crossed into Somalia to search for suspects in the killing of two Kenyan policemen, a senior police officer said Saturday. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Monday poured cold water on the notion of any dramatic new US peace plan, as speculation mounted over Washington's next move in the Middle East impasse. A couple of years ago, the Brits were crying bloody murder about the submarine thriller ``U-571,'' which gave the Americans credit for a World War II operation that was actually carried out by the Limeys. The English have their revenge with ``Enigma,'' which revisits the same historical subject matter Kyrgyzstan's newly-appointed interior minister Wednesday said law enforcement authorities would use all lawful means to restore order in the ex-Soviet nation amid increasing unrest over a contested parliamentary poll, news agencies reported. Were they working? There doesn't seem to be a simple answer. But what is clear is that CBS' new reality venture, which placed 40 children in a New Mexico ranch without contact with their parents, has become a flashpoint in a polarizing television genre. The British and Irish governments resumed pressure on Irish Republican Army supporters Wednesday to start disarmament, the issue threatening to tear apart the Protestant-Catholic administration in Northern Ireland. Cyclist Andrea Collinelli has been suspended for ten months after testing positive for Lidocaine and Fentermina, the Italian Cycling Federation's disciplinary commission announced Saturday.
t6885 The British group Blenheim, the world's leading conference organiser, on Wednesday announced a 33-percent fall in its 1994 profits after a difficult year in its main markets, particularly in France. Sri Lankan troops have killed up to 44 Tamil rebels in clashes in the country's north and east and destroyed three small camps run by the insurgents in their last eastern stronghold, the military said Wednesday. The euro tumbled Thursday to the lowest point in almost one year after Moody's cut Greece's sovereign rating and warned of further possible downgrades as a result of its debt problems. Tunisian authorities said Tuesday that they have arrested the uncle of the man linked to the explosion of a fuel tanker outside a synagogue in which 17 people died, including 12 German tourists. Abandoning a legal battle to keep brain-damaged Terri Schiavo alive, relatives withdrew from public view Easter Sunday, and urged activists outside a hospice where the woman lay dying to do the same. Rubber duckies are great -- unless they're the kind that are loaded with chemicals called phthalates. These softening agents can make up 50 percent of the plastic in toys children love to stick in their mouths. The trouble is, these unhealthy chemicals don't stay in the toy's plastic. They About one-fifth of the estimated 191,000 inmates in state prisons who were identified as mentally ill were not getting therapy or counseling, the Justice Department reported Sunday. Visiting British Trade Minister Richard Caborn on Wednesday criticized South Africa for carrying protectionist policies to "prop up" its national airline, South African Airways (SAA).
t441 A Chinese man has been jailed for three years for helping his terminally-ill wife commit suicide, a report said Saturday, following what is believed to be the country's first euthanasia case. A beached coal ship carrying hundreds of thousands of liters (gallons) of fuel and diesel oil remained intact Sunday as crews rushed to prepared a plan for salvaging the massive freighter. The mayor of a town near Malta's main airport called Monday for the removal of a sculpture resembling a penis near the road leading to the capital Valletta ahead of a weekend visit by the pope. The Israeli government declared Yasser Arafat an ``enemy'' Friday and sent tanks and armored personnel carriers to fully isolate him in his Ramallah headquarters and to launch an ``extended operation'' in the Palestinian territories. The European Union insisted Wednesday that its "door remains open" to Croatia despite an expected decision to delay starting accession talks due to a standoff over a key war crimes suspect. The racy antics on the new series ``Greek'' won't be surprising to anyone who has attended college, heard about what sometimes transpires after hours at the nation's institutions of higher learning or even just kicked back to watch ``Animal House.'' Does ``Greek'' have binge drinking? Check. Lots of crude Vice President Dick Cheney had a special pacemaker implanted in his chest Saturday. President Bush said, ``I'm told the operation went well.'' The State Development Bank (SDB) of China will increase loans to western China by 140 billion yuan over the next five years, SDB Governor Chen Yuan said.
t6919 Russian warplanes, helicopters and rockets pounded the rebel Chechen "capital" of Shali on Wednesday after ground forces pushed to encircle the town. The death toll from Tuesday's suicide truck bombing at a major Shiite mosque in central Baghdad has risen to 87, the Interior Ministry reported Wednesday. Moves by France and Belgium to ban Muslim full face veils predictably angered some Islamic clerics, but other European states facing the same question are following the delicate debate carefully. Alarmed that the composition and mandate of a U.N. fact-finding team were stacking it against Israel, the Israeli government announced Tuesday night that it would delay the arrival of the team until it agreed to its members and precise assignment. Argentina stayed top of the South American zone World Cup qualifiers at the weekend when they rallied from a goal down to defeat Bolivia 2-1 at altitude in La Paz. An outbreak of cholera has spread from northern Iraq to Baghdad, infecting at least 1,500 people, the World Health Organization announced Friday. Runs are scarce for the Chicago Cubs and they're still hoping Fred McGriff will accept a trade from Tampa Bay and give them an offensive lift as a cleanup hitter behind Sammy Sosa. The Nankai Industrial Park for Overseas Chinese, the first one of its kind in north China's municipality of Tianjin, was officially set up today.
t2317 The Palermo state prosecutor Thursday asked for former Sicilian Mafia boss Tano Badalamenti to be brought to Italy from jail in the United States to testify on links between organized crime and politicians, judicial officials said Thursday. Indonesian police have arrested the alleged leader of Jemaah Islamiyah, a Southeast Asian terror group blamed for the 2002 Bali nightclub bombings and a series of other attacks in recent years, a spokesman said Wednesday. Ning, a Web company launched by Netscape founder Marc Andreessen that allows users to create their own social networks, said Thursday it was cutting more than one-third of its staff and would begin charging for its services. Down a steep flight of stone steps along a hillside here, hidden from Israeli patrols by strangers, a Palestinian fighter sat Thursday, chain-smoking and nursing his many wounds. Bryan Herta captured pole position for Saturday's Indy Racing League XM Satellite Radio Indy 200, barely edging one Andretti/Green teammate and salving the disappointment of another. Looking for new ways to trim the fat and boost workers' health, some employers are starting to make overweight employees pay if they don't slim down. Movie stars recited the Declaration of Independence, rockets burst in the air and parades snaked through the nation's streets as America celebrated its 225th birthday. Chinese journalists are expected to celebrate the first journalism festival with a series of programs, including a grand gathering at the Great Hall of the People in the national capital on November 8.
t9068 A Russian rocket carrying three telecommunications satellites failed to place its payload in orbit Tuesday, in a major setback for the Russian aerospace industry, a television report said. A bomb exploded near a vehicle carrying soldiers near the Afghan border Saturday, killing four of them, officials said, underlining how the war in Afghanistan is spilling over into Pakistan. Investors in Asia on Monday welcomed housing data out of the United States, which boosted confidence that a recovery in the world's biggest economy was on track. In supporting its arrest of the leader of an Islamic charity this week, the Justice Department has made public new information tying a wealthy Saudi businessman, who is Osama bin Laden's brother-in-law, to several people convicted in the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993 or in unsuccessful A new official Danish study reveals that authorities in the Scandinavian country deported at least 19 Jews to Germany during World War II despite warnings that they might be killed, media reported on Sunday. The so-called shield law would for the first time establish standards that limit the power of federal authorities to compel reporters to testify or to disclose documents and unidentified sources they have used in their reporting. A Chinese embassy official said Thursday talks with U.S. officials are under way on reimbursing China for services provided during the three months an American surveillance plane was on Chinese soil. Kuwaiti First Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah underlined here on Sunday the importance of maintaining the stability of the world oil market through consultation and coordination among major oil producing countries.
t8485 Security forces shot dead eight militants from the outlawed Jamaa Islamiya group on Sunday and Monday in southern Egypt while Islamic gunmen murdered a suspected police informer, the authorities said. A consortium of banks led by Royal Bank of Scotland PLC will make its intended euro71.1 billion (US$95.5 billion) hostile bid for the Netherlands' ABN Amro Holding NV formal in mid-July, it said Friday. Al-Qaeda has confirmed the deaths of its top two Iraq commanders in a joint US- Iraqi military raid, a US monitoring group said, days after a wave of apparent revenge attacks killed 58 Iraqis. In a decision that could hinder President Bush's call for a vast expansion in the methane gas production in the West, the Interior Department has ruled that three coal bed methane leases, on 2,500 acres in Wyoming's Powder River Basin, are illegal. Three Shiite clerics were killed by sniper fire on the southern approaches of Baghdad Friday, an interior ministry official said. To hear it from the Republican presidential hopefuls, the only way for the party to win back the trust of voters on economic issues is to start telling the truth. Conservatives inside and outside Congress are beating up the Bush administration over defense spending, contending there's too little of it. Syrian Foreign Minister Faruk Shareh held talks here Thursday with Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tareq Aziz on the latest developments in the region.
t3778 Indonesia expects a 4.8 million dollar surplus for the current budget ending on March 31, Finance Minister Mar'ie Muhammad said. Media mogul Oprah Winfrey is back on top of Forbes' annual "Celebrity 100 Power List," which ranks the rich and famous based on earnings and buzz. Celtic scored two goals in the last 10 minutes to stun Hibernian 3-2 at Parkhead on Saturday to delay a potential title party for arch rivals Rangers at Ibrox. Ever since its completion in 1940, the San Antonio River Walk presented a beautiful, romantic face to the world. Under the skin, however, all was not well. South Korea's economy grew 4.6 percent in 2004, well short of the government's five percent target as slow domestic demand undercut robust exports, the central bank said Tuesday. Maria Hicks lived in her quiet neighborhood here her whole life -- two houses down from her mother, and across the street from her daughter and three grandchildren. A massive police operation restored calm to the streets of this troubled city in northern England on Monday after a weekend of violence. Some 68 inmates escaped late Monday night from a jail in General Santos City in the southern Philippines as an undetermined number of heavily-armed suspected rebels from the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) swooped down at the jail.
t2549 Japanese shipbuilders received orders for 11.94 million deadweight tonnes of ships last year, up 58.5 percent from 1993, to make Japan the world's top shipbuilder, an industry group said Friday. A United Nations internal report has criticized the United States for its failures in the Middle East, arguing that the sweeping boycott of the Palestinian government had devastating consequences for the region's people, a British newspaper said Wednesday. Greece on Thursday took a step closer to an EU-IMF backup loan as it called for talks on the issue and the International Monetary Fund announced an exploratory mission to Athens next week. Their lives have taken divergent paths since intersecting on that ribbon of asphalt from Hopkinton to Boston for the 86th running of the Boston Marathon. In 1982, Alberto Salazar and Dick Beardsley were gladiators in singlets and running shoes. The European Union will counter-attack at the World Trade Organization if the United States decides to take a dispute over subsidies to aircraft makers Airbus and Boeing to the WTO, a European Commission official said Saturday. Michelangelo Antonioni, the master Italian film director who depicted the emotional alienation of Italy's postwar generation in films such as ``L'Avventura'' and ``La Notte'' but achieved his greatest popular success with ``Blowup,'' an enigmatic tale set in ``swinging'' London of the 1960s, has died. He was 94. The government is reviewing a program that has allowed more than 3,800 police officers and teachers to buy homes at half price in economically depressed neighborhoods after auditors found widespread abuses. As Ebola cases rose to 239 with 75 deaths recorded in Gulu district in northern Uganda, Uganda Red Cross Society (URCS) has launched a public appeal to raise 194 million Uganda shillings (about 110,000 U.S. dollars) to help contain the epidemic, the Monitor daily reported on Wednesday.
t5447 Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams and President Bill Clinton on Friday shook hands at the White House, the second time this week, during a St. Patrick's Day gala also attended by Ulster loyalists. As Congress edges closer to renewing a health insurance program for children, state officials have made it clear that they have a much different vision for the program's future than the Bush administration does. EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton will on Wednesday present revamped plans for the bloc's new diplomatic corps, hoping to overcome European parliament resistance to her original plans. The Los Angeles Dodgers scored 15 runs in three games at Coors Field, their lowest total for a three-game series in the Mile High city since the Colorado Rockies' first season in 1993. Times have moved on in The Netherlands from the days when a rare tulip bulb could be exchanged for an Amsterdam town house. Here's a fact that may make baby boomers do a spit take while sipping their tall skim lattes: "The Graduate" is 40 years old. Yes, the film that encouraged a generation of young moviegoers to rebel against their parents' "plastic" values has hit middle age. The chief executive of Credit Suisse Group's investment banking division was ousted Thursday amid a government probe into how the firm allocated initial public offerings during the tech-stock boom. Pretoria, November 15 (Xinhua) -- Hundreds of South Africans demonstrated in Pretoria on Wednesday to press their demand for reinstation of death penalty.
t3748 Barings must have known about the activities of futures trader Nick Leeson, blamed for the bank's collapse, after a series of disastrous trades, a former bank official said in a BBC programme Monday. The dollar reached its highest level against the yen in more than four years Thursday after a report on U.S. inflation eased worries about a Federal Reserve interest rate hike. Poland's flag carrier LOT said it had cancelled all flights until 2:00 pm (1200 GMT) Monday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. Armed men recently occupied the church that marks the traditional site of the birth of Jesus, the prince of peace. That's a new chapter of an old story. The United States on Monday rejected any plans to set up a specialized agency within the United Nations to tackle the prickly issue of international migration. China announced the launch of a broad crackdown on false news reports and illegal publications Wednesday as authorities struggle with a spate of scandals and look ahead to the most important event on the country's political calendar. As the United Nations meets in special session Monday in New York in hopes of curbing illegal trade in small arms, global talks to control ``the big stuff'' _ weapons of mass destruction _ are hopelessly stymied. Gaza international airport reopened Tuesday morning after being shut by Israel at the end of last month for the third time since the outbreak of the Israeli-Palestinian clashes late September, a Palestinian aviation official said.
t4359 President Lee Teng-hui ordered high-level supervision Wednesday of the billion dollar business empire of his ruling Kuomintang (KMT) following corruption allegations. Lou Pearlman, who faces one felony count of bank fraud in Florida, appeared in federal court Friday and was held over for another hearing next week. Werder Bremen midfielder Torsten Frings has ruled out any chance of a World Cup recall despite scoring twice in the 4-2 win at Wolfsburg as Germany coach Joachim Loew watched in the stands. A group of enthusiastic Southerners slogged up Stone Mountain Saturday afternoon while _ as they put it _ Rebel gray skies wept above. A federal judge on Tuesday rejected a last minute bid by the parents of brain-damaged Terri Schiavo -- the woman at the centre of an impassioned right to die debate -- to have a feeding tube reinserted to prevent her death. Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney said this week that as president he would allow individual states to keep abortion legal, two weeks after telling a national television audience he supports a constitutional amendment to ban the procedure nationwide. In the latest in a string of energy company combinations, Amerada Hess Corp. announced Tuesday that it will buy Dallas-based Triton Energy Ltd. for $2.7 billion. The Southern African Development Community (SADC) will replace its energy technical unit by a regional energy commission by October 2001, the official news agency Angop reported on Friday.
t1004 Winner said Christie, who was first quoted on German television at the weekend saying he was about to do a U-turn over Barcelona, had let the IAAF down, adding: "Athletes like Sally Gunnell and Colin Jackson told us they would not be coming months ago and that's cricket, but The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries has no plans to release more oil into the market ahead of its next policy meeting in September, Iran's oil minister said Monday. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev Tuesday hailed a "change atmosphere" in US ties after attending a nuclear security summit here which he said was a "full success." The year is 1916. A band of Irish patriots brace to do battle in the name of freedom, faith, and fatherland. Their chances of victory are slim. A fierce pride, spawned and nurtured in a centuries-old blood feud, propels them forward. The dollar skidded lower Wednesday after data revealed a sharply wider-than-expected US current account deficit that highlighted the need for ever-higher capital flows in the United States. Lady Bird Johnson, the widow of Lyndon B. Johnson, whose tumultuous presidency often overshadowed her considerable achievements as an activist first lady, environmentalist and founder of a multimillion-dollar media business, died Wednesday at her home in Austin, Texas. She was 94. -. Activity in the nation's manufacturing sector fell for the 11th straight month in June, but the decline came at a slower pace, an industry group said Monday. Three tons of seized drugs were burned at the Petrobrazi refinery incinerator in Prahova county on Tuesday. It is the first time Romania has done so since 1990.
t9196 Israel and the PLO must begin talks immediately on Jerusalem and warned that Israeli intransigeance would provoke armed struggle with Palestinian extremists, PLO official Faisal Husseini said Wednesday. Romania and Poland should investigate whether there were secret CIA prisons and flights in their countries, to give credence to their governments' denials of involvement, Amnesty International said Saturday. Supreme Court justices sounded critical Tuesday about the federal court decision blocking US biotech giant Monsanto's sale of genetically modified alfalfa because some farmers fear their crops will be contaminated. Over the years, NBC drama series have gone from the tales of the Old West to the social and political issues of the day. Robert-Jan Derksen of the Netherlands fired a final round 67 to win the Madeira Island Open on Sunday by two shots from Andrew McLardy of South Africa and Scotland's Gary Orr and collect his second career European Tour triumph. His statements amounted to a repudiation of the tenure of his predecessor, Alberto R. Gonzales, and appeared to put him at arm's length from President Bush, who selected the retired federal judge to lead the department over the remaining 15 months of his presidency. Jazz composer, singer, trumpeter, bandleader and producer Quincy Jones joins the National Museum of American History Friday in announcing the first ``jazz appreciation month'' next April, called JAM 2002. Two people were killed and 14 others injured on Monday on a road in Iran's southwestern Lorestan province in a chain car crash, the Islamic Republic News Agency reported.
t5616 Security forces in Azerbaijan on Saturday put at 36 the official death toll in the failed rebellion here, including six civilians, and said 58 people were wounded in the fighting Benedict XVI will preside Tuesday at a funeral Mass in St. Peter's Basilica for Cardinal Angelo Felici, who died in Rome on Sunday. More US women than men are obtaining advanced degrees, leaving women poised to predominate in the highly skilled medical, legal and academic professions, data released Tuesday show. Bart Freundlich's angst-ridden road movie ``World Traveler'' follows the cross-country odyssey of Cal (Billy Crudup), a youngish New York architect who impulsively abandons his wife and 3-year-old son to drive across the northern tier of the United States in a station wagon. Along a route that takes him to The US ambassador to Kyrgyzstan called on the world community Thursday to help stabilize the Central Asian state on the verge of political collapse after days of fierce anti-government protests. Other shades of Spring '08 included a couple of flashes of marigold, some snappy teal and, of course, the seasonal standards -- white, ivory and black in assorted combinations. A judge has refused to toss out accusations that the world's largest brewery violated Florida's Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act. British Foreign Secretary Robin Cook said on Thursday that joining the euro single currency club would bolster Britain's influence inside the European Union (EU), but he hastily added that economic arguments would dictate whether Britain ditched the pound.
t7185 Germany's ndustrial group Veba increased post-tax profits by 51.0 percent to a record high figure in 1994 and continues to advance, the company said on Thursday. Polish Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski wants a new EU voting system so badly he says with his customary hyperbole that he's ready to die for one. Inventors are often perceived as eccentric, original thinkers inspired by dreams: but many of the 700 inventors at an international fair in Geneva showed skill, pragmatism and good business sense. Vin Diesel's spy in ``XXX'' does share a few qualities with filmdom's most famous secret agent man, James Bond. Both attract women, both are men who get things done and neither has much time for introspection. Angola looked set on Monday to equal if not break the record of deaths from the Ebola-like Marburg virus with the number of fatalities rising to 122, just one short of the most serious outbreak ever. In a speech at the United Nations, Bush focused on human rights, outlining new U.S. efforts to force the military rulers to accede to the demands of the democracy movement in the Southeast Asian nation once known as Burma. Saturday's missile defense test, in which a projectile launched from an island in the Pacific Ocean intercepted a dummy warhead hurtling through space, was one of 20 such tests planned over the coming five years, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Monday. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat here Thursday called for the Arab countries to channel their donations and assistance to Palestinians who are suffering under closure imposed by Israel.
t6077 The United States sets out this week to tackle the thorniest issue in its relationship with Russia by opening up direct talks with Moscow on how NATO is to expand its security umbrella to Europe's other half. President George W. Bush had a nearly hour-long secure video teleconference with Iraqi leaders and came away impressed and reassured by the progress they are making on political, security and economic reforms, the White House said. Dutch winger Arjen Robben's strike sealed Bayern Munich's 1-0 victory over Lyon on Wednesday to give the German giants an advantage for the second-leg of the Champions League semi-final. A worker at an Army biological warfare research center in Maryland has tested positive for anthrax exposure after spores were detected in a hallway and an administrative room near where anthrax testing was conducted, a Pentagon spokesman said Friday night. Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyzstan's new acting head of state, is a former prime minister and centrist whose background does not quite fit the mold of an opposition leader. As a particularly grim reflection of how far music sales have fallen recently, sales of the nation's 200 bestselling albums last week totaled just short of 2.1 million copies, the lowest of the SoundScan era, and less than 'N Sync sold by itself in one week in 2000, when A woman gave birth to five boys and two girls, the first set of septuplets born in the United States in more than three years. All were in critical condition Friday at a Washington hospital. Ukraine's Supreme Council ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty and the corresponding agreement on implementing the treaty on Thursday.
t3093 Riot police Sunday stormed the homes of South Korean National Assembly speakers and freed the two from a siege by opposition lawmakers campaigning to prevent election law changes. Macau authorities said the transfer of North Korean funds out of a Macau bank will start Thursday, Kyodo News agency reported, signaling a breakthrough in a dispute that has held up Pyongyang's pledge to shut down its nuclear reactor. The persistent Greek debt crisis unsettled investors Friday, prompting them to seek the relative security of the dollar at the expense of the beleaguered euro. Sandra Olsen stands knee-deep in summer grass on a sprawling plain in northern Kazakhstan. Kazakhs have roamed this cold dry grassland on horseback for centuries and are renowned for their ability to shoot arrows with accuracy while bouncing atop galloping steeds. EU cooperation and development commissioner Louis Michel voiced support Sunday for efforts by South African President Thabo Mbeki to mediate in the conflict in the Ivory Coast. Women who receive implants for breast enhancement are three times more likely to commit suicide, according to a new report that offered a sobering view of an increasingly popular surgery. Plans to build a luxury hotel on the site of Adolf Hitler's retreat in the Bavarian Alps were officially launched Friday, despite complaints from Germany's Jewish community. The members of the "Six Plus Two" group Friday pledged their commitment to a peaceful, political settlement of the Afghan conflict in accordance with the resolutions and decisions of the United Nations Security Council and the General Assembly.
t9526 President Chandrika Kumaratunga returned home Thursday after state visits to India and Bangladesh and was immediately confronted with a fresh challenge from Sri Lanka's separatist Tamil rebels, officials said. Deposed Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas on Sunday rejected a summit planned for Egypt with Israeli and Arab leaders, saying only "resistance" would produce results for his people. Leading US automaker Ford said Tuesday it saw a 2.1-billion-dollar profit in the first three months of 2010, as its US market share swelled. These business stories for release Saturday, May 4, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. The Roman Catholic Church could recognize the exceptional holiness of John Paul II's life by naming him a saint as early as October, a Church leader said in an interview published Monday. one item you should not buy used, child-safety experts say. There's no way to know whether it's been in an accident or otherwise damaged. The European Union said Friday it has asked the World Trade Organization to investigate U.S. duties on formerly state-run European steel producers after they were privatized in the last two decades. LONDON, December 5 (Xinhua) -- Frenchman Yves Parlier has entered the Southern Ocean after 26 days of the Vendee Globe single-handed, non-stop around the world race.
t885 Two Moslem clerics were shot dead and six Moslem bus passengers wounded in an ambush near this southern city, police said Monday. The crews of Atlantis and the international space station greeted each other with hugs and handshakes after the space shuttle arrived at the orbiting outpost. Thai anti-government protesters have released a group of soldiers taken hostage in Bangkok during deadly weekend clashes in the capital, a police spokesman said Monday. It's a momentous occasion, in a most literal sense. Not just a national championship outcome, but 40 frenzied minutes sure to supply a moment. A 3-point play, perhaps, or a last-second mishap. A celebratory embrace or an emotional meltdown. Something that will define this championship and ensure it will New US Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff on Wednesday urged Americans not to live in fear, and acknowledged that "we cannot protect every single person at every moment in every single place." The fate of scores of hostages was still not known late Tuesday after elite Pakistani commandos fought their way room-by-room into a heavily fortified radical mosque in the capital's heart, killing the chief cleric and more than 50 of his armed followers and arresting dozens more. DeLisha Milton scored 19 points and Tamecka Dixon added 18 as the Los Angeles Sparks beat the Miami Sol 86-60 Sunday night. Taiwan stocks opened high and closed even higher, with the benchmark weighted index moving up 237.68 points, to close at 5,918.63 points Tuesday.
t9452 A late-season hot streak has the Seattle SuperSonics contending for a second straight season with the best regular-season record in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Israeli Cabinet on Sunday approved the release of frozen tax funds to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, officials said, in a step to bolster the moderate Palestinian leader in his standoff against the Islamic militant group Hamas. The key challenger to Salva Kiir, who was returned to power as leader of south Sudan, rejected on Tuesday the election results, saying the former rebels had rigged the vote. Armed with a high-powered rife, a central Texas man ambushed a trio of law enforcement officers Thursday, killing one and wounding two, when they tried to search his remote property for stolen vehicles. German engineering conglomerate and truck maker MAN is in exclusive talks with auto giant DaimlerChrysler to buy diesel engine maker MTU Friedrichshafen, the Financial Times Deutschland reported on Monday. Helene ELLIOTT on the NL champion Rockies. Pro Football: FBN-PATRIOTS-DOLPHINS -- MIAMI -- Tom Brady probably could have thrown 10 touchdown passes in this game, but after sitting out most of the second half, settles for six as the unbeaten Patriots beat the winless Dolphins, 49-28. Developing, by David With police firing tear gas at demonstrators protesting global capitalism, leaders of the seven wealthiest countries began their annual economic summit Friday, stressing their desire to keep the United States' economic slowdown from pushing the rest of the world into recession. Intel Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Craig Barrett Tuesday called on telecommunications industry to embrace open standards in building next generation voice and data networks.
t4124 Canada refused to back down Tuesday from a confrontation over fishing rights with the European Union despite threats of diplomatic and economic sanctions. NATO defense ministers agreed Friday to embed more instructors with Afghan combat units, but the offer fell short of what would be required to build up the army so it can replace the 50,000 international troops in Afghanistan. British Airways completed a test flight Sunday with chief executive Willie Walsh on board as they gauged the safety of flying through the volcanic ash cloud. All the news anchors, the pundits and the professional moralists in newspapers and in government told us that Sept. 11 changed the world, changed it utterly. Nothing ever would be the same. Palestinian radio on Sunday will broadcast its first-ever Hebrew song at the same time that Israeli army radio plays the same track in Arabic, the two corporations said Tuesday. Reviving a confrontation over the role of religion in public life, Turkey's ruling party Monday tried unsuccessfully to have its candidate, Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul, elected by lawmakers as the country's president. Roger Clemens threw Curt Schilling a wakeup pitch, as effective as any of those Rocket fastballs that have sent Mike Piazza and others sprawling. Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Bin Jabir Al-Thani Thursday described as a " strategic decision" the closure of the Israeli trade office in Doha.
t7677 The dollar showed firmness at mid-session Friday on the London foreign exchange markets after a sharper decline than expected in US durable goods orders in February, traders said at lunch-time. A series of mortars or rockets slammed into the U.S.-controlled Green Zone on Thursday, and an official said at least one round struck a parking lot used by the Iraqi prime minister and his security detail. European air traffic has returned to normal after a week of chaos caused by an ash cloud from an Icelandic volcano which spread across the continent, the EU's transport commissioner said Friday. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it The emir of Qatar, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani, will visit Venezuela next month on an official visit during which Sheikh Hamad will hold talks with President Hugo Chavez here, the government said Wednesday. Editors: The following photos and graphics are now available to illustrate the BOMB series by Rick Atkinson (Post). The series continues through Wednesday: BOMB-2 -- BAGHDAD, Iraq -- As Gen. John Abizaid began his second year at U.S. Central Command in July 2004, the simple solutions he had hoped Colombian newcomer Juanes and Spanish pop star Alejandro Sanz led the list of nominees Tuesday for the second annual Latin Grammy awards. Spain's cabinet agreed Friday to collaborate with Italy on fighting crime and serious criminals, instead of honoring the current extradition treaty, the local media reported.
t4743 Picabo Street of the United States, who won her sixth World Cup downhill here on Wednesday, was badly hurt in a fall in Thursday's super giant slalom. Pope Benedict XVI told a visiting Cypriot Orthodox leader Saturday that he holds firm hope that the Catholic and Orthodox churches can be united, despite centuries of painful division. Marco Fu was the first significant name to fall in the world championship after the Hong Kong star squandered an 8-6 lead to lose his first-round tie with Martin Gould 10-9 on Monday. These Sports stories for release Tuesday, April 16, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Russia on Wednesday criticized EU's foreign policy chief Javier Solana for what it said was an "incorrect assessment" of the crisis in Kyrgyzstan, saying that it could lead to an escalation of tensions in the former Soviet nation. For years, Timothy F. Geithner has worked behind the scenes as a policymaker during times of financial chaos. As a senior official in the Treasury Department, he helped shape the Clinton administration's response to the Asian markets' collapse. As they move into their 40s and 50s, the baby boom generation is finding itself increasingly sandwiched between people needing its care _ aging parents on one side, children and grandchildren on the other. The Peaceful Unification of China Association of New Zealand was established Sunday in Auckland, the biggest and most populous city of New Zealand.
t1179 Canada's Fisheries Minister Brian Tobin said Monday that the European Union -- specifically Spain and Portugal -- had until Tuesday to stop illegal fishing of turbot in international waters. International Business Machines Corp. said Monday it agreed to buy software provider Telelogic AB for 5.2 billion kronor (euro557.5 million; US$745 million) in cash, a bid the Swedish company's board unanimously recommended. US First Lady Michelle Obama made a surprise visit to Haiti on Tuesday three months after the Caribbean nation was devastated by a massive earthquake, a Haitian official said. Under a new policy imposed for Thursday's launch of the shuttle Atlantis on a space station assembly mission, NASA is withholding a public disclosure of the precise liftoff time until 24 hours before the departure. Chinese share prices closed 0.97 percent lower Thursday, extending losses on concerns the authorities will take further measures to cool the economy after the central bank raised lending rates on housing loans, dealers said. Although Lifetime Television dropped the ``for Women'' from its tagline a couple of years ago, it remains fundamentally gynocentric. There's certainly nothing wrong with that -- as long as Spike TV continues to exist, its presence may be regarded at the very least as balancing the cosmic scales. And Oil ministers from several OPEC countries have all but ruled out increasing their crude output, saying Monday that world markets were already in balance with plentiful supplies of oil and refined products. Three Malaysian hostages held by the extremist group Abu Sayyaf in the southern Philippine island of Jolo were rescued early Wednesday afternoon, a TV report said.
t2335 Michael Jordan left a workout with the Chicago Bulls on Thursday without commenting on speculation that he would return to his former National Basketball Association (NBA) team. Fred Thompson did not enter the 2008 presidential race Tuesday, but he talked like he was getting close to jumping in. The US government has joined German and Russian authorities in investigating whether US computer giant Hewlett-Packard paid millions of dollars in bribes to win a contract in Russia, The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday. Nearly early a century ago, the music industry argued that its future was threatened by a new method of creating and distributing multiple copies of a performed song. US President George W. Bush's previously faithful and proud New European allies are gradually withdrawing their support for his cause in Iraq. The convoy was ambushed in broad daylight last Nov. 16, dozens of armed men swarming over 37 tractor-trailers stretching for more than a mile on southern Iraq's main highway. The attackers seized four Americans and an Austrian employed by Crescent Security Group, a small private security firm. Then they Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon insisted Thursday that his government is committed to U.S.-backed peace initiatives in the Middle East, but warned the plans can succeed only with an ``absolute cease-fire.'' China plans to resettle more than 4,000 people from the central-west part of the country to east China's Shandong Province to make way for the development of the Three Gorges water conservancy project, officials said.
t3273 England's Mark James hit a course record 65 to win the Moroccan Open here on Sunday with a new putter. Hamas fighters overran one of the rival Fatah movement's most important security installations in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, and witnesses said the victors dragged vanquished gunmen from the building and executed them in the street. Bulgaria's former football player Yordan Lechkov, now mayor of the Bulgarian town of Sliven, has been charged with abuse of power and falsifying documents, local prosecutors said Friday. As Congress prepares to rewrite the nation's accounting rules, President Bush has joined the debate over the appropriate way to figure the cost of stock options used to compensate top executives. Chinese share prices closed 0.30 percent higher Monday lifted slightly by bargain-hunting in the wake of recent sharp losses, dealers said. The Marine Corps announced Thursday that it had dropped charges against Lance Cpl. Justin L. Sharratt, who was accused of murdering three Iraqi brothers in Haditha, Iraq, in November 2005. In apparently good physical health, Fidel Castro addressed a cheering rally of 20,000 outside Havana on Saturday and announced that this year's National Rebellion Day would be held in the Cuban capital. The South African government has proposed interim amendments to the Municipal Structures Act in an effort to accommodate the demands of traditional leaders, said Provincial and Local Government Minister Sydney Mufamadi here on Sunday.
t9087 Japan's second try for the America's Cup ended Tuesday when Nippon Challenge lost to Peter Blake's relentless Team New Zealand by 3 minutes 45 seconds. NATO and U.S.-led coalition forces in Afghanistan killed 60 insurgents near the Pakistan border, the largest group of insurgents seen in the region in six months, NATO said Saturday. The prime ministers of India and Pakistan are to hold talks on the sidelines of a regional conference in Bhutan this week, a senior government source in New Delhi told AFP on Monday. Under fire for its role in Enron's downfall, the auditing firm faces a criminal obstruction of justice trial in Houston next week, numerous lawsuits, the loss of scores of clients and possible bankruptcy. Relations between Asia's major powers China and Japan are at their worst in decades as each side stokes nationalist sentiment to appease domestic audiences, causing clashes over history and territorial disputes to intensify, analysts said Sunday. The plan would change the way injured military personnel are evaluated and compensated: Those whose injuries prevent them from returning to active duty would be assigned pensions, and responsibility for their care would be shifted quickly from the Pentagon to the Department of Veterans Affairs. Best-selling novelist Jeffrey Archer could have written the seedy, sexy tale of his gripping perjury trial except, perhaps, for the ending. He's gone to prison. The improvement the quality of officials in rural areas is a matter of great concern to the country's reform, development and stability, Chinese Vice- President Hu Jintao said.
t3597 Two Hungarian government ministers resigned Monday in protest against a weekend devaluation of the currency, the forint, the MTI news agency said. The Denver Zoo has a newly hatched Andean condor, only the second condor to hatch at a zoo anywhere in the world over the past year, officials said Thursday. Air travellers around the world braced for a fresh wave of cancelled and delayed flights Friday after a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland prompted authorities to close airspace across northern Europe. Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and President Vladimir Putin of Russia capped a two-day summit meeting Wednesday in the eastern German city of Weimar by resolving a long-standing dispute over Soviet debt to the German government. Seven Russian soldiers and a member of the pro-Russian Chechen police force were killed in the last 24 hours in Chechnya, a member of the Moscow-backed Chechen government said Monday. Relishing his second-place finish in the Iowa straw poll on Saturday, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee noted that he snared 18 percent of the vote despite investing much less in the event than his top rivals. ``It wasn't just that we surprised people with a second showing, it's that Security forces traded gunfire with gangs Sunday in gunbattles that killed four people over the weekend, as authorities tried to quash bloody gang fighting in the Jamaican capital. Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi and his visiting Macedonian counterpart Aleksandar Dimitrov here on Monday signed several accords on expanding bilateral diplomatic ties and cultural, scientific and training cooperation.
t9720 Environmental groups believe industrialised countries are cynically attempting to dump economic responsibility for global warming onto the Third World and on Thursday backed a small island states' call at the Berlin climate conference for rich nations to halt climatic change. A video recording released Monday shows kidnapped British journalist Alan Johnston wearing an apparent explosives belt of the type suicide bombers use and warning it will be detonated if an attempt is made to free him by force. A US-based rights group has called for the release of an ethnic Mongolian activist arrested by Chinese authorities as he was about to board a plane to the United States to attend a UN meeting. The Daily News' Kevin Modesti looks at the Derby horses and the people and stories behind them. Horses are listed in post-position order from the inside rail out, with the identification numbers worn on their saddle cloths and used in betting. Odds listed are the Churchill Downs morning line. The British trade deficit with the world narrowed in February, and the January gap was revised downwards, official data published Monday showed. Even if a bottle of wine leaves its winery in immaculate condition, the road it travels to your glass is fraught with peril every step of the way. Because wine is a living, breathing substance, it can be mortally wounded by improper handling. A wine that starts out perfect An explosion leveled the office of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's Fatah faction in this troubled West Bank city Friday night, killing a member of the group's military wing. Pakistan on Wednesday expressed disappointment over India's response to its offer of observing maximum restraint and commencement of tripartite-way dialogue to resolve the Kashmir issue.
t5491 German fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld said Saturday that he would seek a worldwide ban on the film "Ready to Wear," which he succeeded in having barred from theaters in Germany for allegedly defaming him. Ah, the sweet sway of bossa nova. The coolest of rhythms, born in cafes of southside Rio, inspired by the golden sands of Ipanema. The UN's highest court Tuesday declined to order the dismantling of a paper mill that sparked a row between Argentina and Uruguay for allegedly polluting a shared river. Ruth Fertel, who found a New Orleans restaurant called Chris Steak Housein the classified ads and from it built one of the largest steakhouse chains in the world, died Tuesday in New Orleans. She was 75. A Paris appeals court Thursday upheld an insider trading conviction and 2.2-million-euro (2.9-million-dollar) fine against US financier George Soros for his role in buying shares in French bank Societe Generale in 1988. Kronos Quartet's "Awakening," which premiered last fall, is a sonic quilt inspired by the events of Sept. 11, 2001, and woven from traditional and contemporary music from more than a dozen countries. Cathay Pacific Airways canceled 17 of its 145 scheduled flights Thursday and acknowledged industrial action by pilots had caused more damage to Wednesday's operations than management had first predicted. A Sino-German joint project aiming to protect the environment in the development of agriculture in northern China has been launched recently in east China's Shandong Province.
t4306 Lawyers backed by human rights groups launched a late bid Wednesday to stop the execution of a Filipina maid, saying new evidence could prove she did not kill a fellow maid and a toddler. Philipp Kohlschreiber upset third-seeded James Blake 6-4, 6-3 on a slippery court Friday to reach the semifinals of the Gerry Weber Open. Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe said Sunday he hopes his country's tourism industry will get a boost from the football World Cup in neighbouring South Africa. With Israeli machine-gun fire still slicing through the sour smell of tear gas in the air here, it is hard to imagine a time _ such a short time ago, really _ when Israelis and Palestinians talked about reconciliation without bitterness, or even irony. Thirteen people, among them the former chairman of a top Greek football club, were convicted Tuesday of stock manipulation in an ongoing investigation into a 1999 Athens stock market crash which ruined thousands of investors, the semi-state Athens News Agency (ANA) reported. Yes, there were people who had paid only $10 for a seat on the July 16 flight, she announced to the cabin. And for those who were still skeptical, Champ asked the lucky few for a show of hands. Shaking confidence in Europe's ability to stave off recession, a leading economic institute slashed its growth forecast on Tuesday for Germany, predicting that the continent's biggest economy will expand at only 1 percent this year. British Prime Minister Tony Blair Wednesday expressed his "deep sympathy" to visiting Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat with the people who have suffered from renewed violence in the Middle East, and offered medical help to those injured, a Downing Street spokesman told reporters.
t2039 China will be forced to clean up its human rights record after narrowly avoiding a UN condemnation, diplomats and dissidents said Thursday. CBS Corp. Chief Executive Leslie Moonves shot back at former CBS news anchor Dan Rather on Tuesday, saying his characterization of the network "tarting" up its newscast with anchor Katie Couric was "sexist." Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, will attend the funeral of Polish president Lech Kaczynski at the weekend, a government spokesman said Wednesday. All week long, Maine's men's hockey team had been talking about how late coach Shawn Walsh would be their seventh man here, guiding the puck its way when it needed a bounce. Arab leaders next week will resurrect a three-year-old initiative for peace in thlevision earlier this month, Jordan's King Abdullah II said his country, along with Egypt and Saudi Arabia, were preparing to relaunch the plan, whose initial text in 2002 was the brainchild of Saudi Arabia. Something strange happened in Congress the other day. The Senate Finance Committee approved a 61-cent-per-pack tax increase on cigarettes, and the Capitol didn't sag under the weight of angry lobbyists and their allies. The man who received the world's first self-contained artificial heart had been in ``dire'' condition, but the device may enable him to have a long and productive life, one of his doctors said Wednesday. Philippine President Joseph Estrada reached out Monday night the hand of unity to his political opponents even as he bared sweeping economic reforms to check negative reports on the alleged financial interests of his family and close friends.
t5686 Dennis Conner said, "J.J. had been doing a fine job. In some ways, this boat was sailed better than the America3 men's boat was in '92." An 11-year-old boy was attacked and killed by a black bear as he slept in a tent with his family, police said. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Tuesday called for Kyrgyzstan's interim government to hold elections to legitimise its authority if it wanted full- fledged economic cooperation with Russia. Expect the Clippers to be stingy this offseason. But perhaps for the first time in their history, they won't be miserly toward keeping their money, but rather, toward keeping their players. US President George W. Bush plans to nominate former national security council spokesman Sean McCormack to replace State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, the White House said Thursday. When early jet aircraft crashed, Congress did not mandate that all planes remain propeller-driven. But this is the kind of reactionary thinking behind two bills that would require that all voting machines used in federal elections produce a voter-verifiable paper record. These bills -- the Ballot Integrity Act (S. Sales, 4 p.m. price and net change of the 15 most active New York Stock Exchange issues, trading nationally at more than $1. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 2,095.98 points Thursday, up 14.07 points from the last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t5927 The financial markets will tell Monday whether President Ernesto Zedillo has gained or lost ground in his struggle to stabilize the peso with the passage of an unpopular tax hike. Fifth-seeded Nicole Vaidisova fought off a strong challenge from Australian Samantha Stosur 3-6, 6-4, 6-4 to reach the second round of the Eastbourne International on Monday. British supermarket chain Tesco will create 16,000 jobs this year, the company said on Tuesday after announcing a 9.3 percent rise in net profit over its fiscal year that ended in February. You're talking with Charles Calello, the man who arranged and produced just about every other hit record in the '60s and '70s, and you're still struggling to understand what he does for a living. After all, he doesn't write the songs. And he doesn't sing them. So, how does China is anxiously watching protests which toppled a close ally in Kyrgyzstan, worried that regime change in the strategically placed nation could tip the balance of power in the 21st century's "Great Game". From natural cleaning products to hemp clothing, the Green Revolution has transformed the contents of our kitchen cabinets and closets. Now, sporting and fitness goods manufacturers are taking the trend outdoors, marketing upscale products that boast a new sensitivity to the environments in which they are used. House Republican leaders say they have no plans to return to campaign finance legislation after a much-anticipated debate on how to reduce the influence of big money in politics fizzled into partisan bickering. The Division for the Advancement of Women of the United Nations will convene an expert group meeting in Zagreb, Croatia, on the theme of "gender and racial discrimination" from November 21 to 24, the U.N. said here Friday.
t6474 A court jailed four young Israeli extremists for up to 15 years Tuesday for killing a Palestinian merchant and wounding 12 others when they lobbed a grenade into Old Jerusalem's meat market. Hooters, a U.S. restaurant chain famous for its scantily clad waitresses, may open this year in Dubai as it expands to the Arabic peninsula for the first time, the company's local partner said Tuesday. Thai protesters on Wednesday ruled out negotiations with the government despite fears of a looming crackdown, saying talks were "out of the question" after bloody clashes earlier this month. When NBC pulls out all the stops for a Thursday night during sweeps, it usually is must-see TV. But the peacock network still can't find anything to play after ``Friends'' ... so there's a repeat in the mix tonight. Firefighters swooped on a man threatening to throw himself from the cupola of St Peter's basilica in the Vatican, ending a tense standoff which lasted for more than two hours Saturday. In fact, according to preliminary figures from Nielsen Media Research, the 13.1 million viewers who tuned in to Fox's Sunday-night Emmy broadcast might be the second-smallest audience in the award show's 59-year history. If that figure holds , it would rank just above Fox's 1990 Emmy telecast, which pulled Alaska will have a new primary election system next year that is a change from its unique blanket primaries in which residents can vote for candidates of all parties. English premier league soccer club Manchester United's striker Andy Cole hoped he could return to competition in January after a successful operation.
t6086 Hungary and Romania pledged Monday to resume early negotiations to agree a treaty on the status of the two-million-strong Hungarian minority living in Romania. U.S. officials said they are willing to start negotiating a treaty on the use of cluster bombs, reversing their previous position that no new agreement on the weapon was necessary. The US Coast Guard launched a huge air and sea rescue operation Wednesday for 12 oil workers missing in the Gulf oF Mexico after an explosion on a rig off the Louisiana coast. In what local and state officials believe could be a first in Connecticut, an elected official has resigned after a state commission determined he is most likely not a U.S. citizen. Kyrgyzstan's deposed president Askar Akayev Friday slammed the ouster of his regime as an "unconstitutional coup d'etat," Kyrgyz and Russian media reported. The number of deaths worldwide among children under 5 dropped to a record low of 9.7 million in 2006, reflecting progress in areas such as malaria prevention, childhood immunizations and breastfeeding rates, global health officials said Wednesday. A Russian prosecutor confirmed some allegations by Chechen residents, saying Friday that at least 10 civilians were injured by troops who went on a rampage during security sweeps of their villages. The European Union (EU) and Chile have agreed to sign a free trade pact at the Iberian- Amercian summit to be held in Spain in July 2002.
t1719 Uganda has expelled a Kenyan refugee accused by authorities in Nairobi of plotting to topple President Daniel arap Moi's government, Foreign Minister Ruhakana Rugunda. Consumer price inflation eased to 2.5 percent in the 12 months ending in May, down from 2.8 percent in April, the government said Tuesday. The US will investigate why a South Korean warship sank near the disputed border with North Korea before seeking to jumpstart nuclear talks with Pyongyang, a US official said Wednesday. With the Middle East engulfed in violence and America talking of attacking Iraq, Europe's skepticism about United States foreign policy is on the rise, and it is clouding this weekend's talks between Prime Minister Tony Blair and President Bush. The Bolivian Congress on Thursday turned down a request by President Carlos Mesa to hold presidential elections two years ahead of schedule. Two U.S. soldiers were charged with premeditated murder and their battalion commander was relieved of duty in connection with the death of an Iraqi, the U.S. military announced Thursday. A skirmish inside a Bogota prison between jailed guerrillas and inmates who refused to cooperate in a rebel escape plan left at least 10 inmates dead, officials said Tuesday. Wall Street stocks ended higher Friday as investors showed confidence in the market following a slower economic growth report in the third quarter.
t4642 A formal complaint was issued against major league baseball club owners here Wednesday by the National Labor Relations Board, which plans to force owners to restore last year's work rules. Sri Lankan soldiers and separatist Tamil Tiger rebels clashed in the north, leaving at least two guerrillas dead, the military said Saturday. Swiss aviation authorities said they had decided after test flights to reopen Swiss airspace from 0600 GMT Tuesday, adding that the concentration of volcanic ash in the air had decreased. There is no such a thing as a typical family. But if there was, I grew up in one during the '50s and '60s. A frail Pope John Paul II made an appearance Wednesday at his apartment window to bless a crowd of pilgrims in St Peter's Square. Usually, the Arizona Republican is out to shame them for earmarking money for pet projects that have little to do with federal priorities. A 16-year-old has been accused of beating his adoptive mother to death with a baseball bat while six young children watched nearby. Computer Game, produced by Hong Kong Tourist Association, was awarded the Best Tourist Film of 2000 by the International Tourist Film Committee on Friday.
t8453 A Moscow court on Monday suspended the activities of the Japanese cult Aum Supreme Truth and decided to temporarily freeze the assets of the group, suspected of perpetrating the nerve gas attack on the Tokyo underground a week ago. A U.S. search team is on Iwo Jima looking for the remains of a Marine who filmed famous flag-raising and was killed in battle nine days later, military official says. Liliya Shobukhova of Russia won the women's race in the London Marathon here on Sunday in an unofficial time of two hours, 21 minutes and 59 seconds. The man identified by the government as the ``20th hijacker'' in the Sept. 11 terror attacks is moving aggressively to defend himself in his new role as his own lawyer. Having endured the death of her mother and her husband, both victims of fatal accidents, Princess Caroline of Monaco now faces mourning for her father, Prince Rainier, while worrying about her current spouse, Ernst-August, hospitalized in intensive care. College students have a lot to worry about these days. At George Washington University, they pick up a copy of the student newspaper and find they can't even throw up in peace. The House voted overwhelmingly Wednesday against reimbursing China for the 11 days the crew of a grounded Navy spy plane spent on a Chinese island _ or for the cost of returning the aircraft. Shanghai has started building an underwater highway tunnel to the northeast of its downtown area in the vicinity of Wusongkou, where the Huangpujiang River merges into the Yangtze River.
t5152 Stock market authorities said that the quotations would be suspended for the whole day pending a joint statement from the two companies after meetings of their boards. Two Katyusha rockets fired from Lebanon fell on northern Israel Sunday afternoon, police and the military said. No one was hurt, but there was some damage, they said. Airlines urged governments to reopen routes through the volcanic ash cloud over Europe on Monday, branding the flight ban a "European mess" and the economic fallout "greater than September 11". Hundreds of British troops have begun combat operations high in the mountains of eastern Afghanistan, British officials here said on Tuesday, announcing one of the largest offensives against al-Qaida and Taliban forces in more than a month. Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday his government was doing all it could to help an Australian woman facing the death penalty in Bali for drug trafficking but could not interfere in the Indonesian justice system. Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki on Sunday ordered a "professional and neutral" investigation into the violence that killed more than 50 people at a religious festival last week. A recent study finding that blacks who financed automobile loans through Nissan Motor Acceptance Corp. were charged higher rates than whites used ``seriously flawed methodology,'' the company said Wednesday. The 39th annual conference of the World Wildlife Fund for Nature (WWF) began here Tuesday with the theme of "The Journey to Kathmandu: Sacred Gifts for a Living Planet".
t7519 At least 14 people were injured in a series of mysterious blasts in underground sewer lines in the heart of the Indian capital, police said Friday. Afghanistan's surging violence left three Canadian soldiers and 21 suspected Taliban militants dead, while NATO dismissed recent suicide and bomb attacks as "militarily insignificant." The Mexican health minister on Friday defended the H1N1 alert he issued one year ago and said that Mexico's strict measures to contain the virus had helped avoid one million deaths. A feuding Senate voted Thursday to reshape US energy policy for the first time in more than a decade, approving $14 billion in tax incentives to create or save power, but rejecting oil drilling in an Alaskan wildlife refuge. Police in China have busted a human trafficking ring helping 88 illegal immigrants get to Europe and the United States, state media reported Tuesday. Watching "The Kingdom," we're supposed to be taken up with Jamie Foxx as an FBI agent who defies his bosses and flies into Saudi Arabia, determined to identify the perpetrators of a terrorist attack. Instead, we're drawn to a lowly Saudi police official who has the job of guiding Preparing for a new step onto the world stage, President Bush is underscoring areas such as free trade, aid to the developing world and efforts to battle devastating diseases such as AIDS. The Southeast Asian Anti- Tobacco Flame will be arriving in Myanmar on December 15 under an anti-tobacco movement being launched by the World Health Organization (WHO), official newspaper The New Light of Myanmar reported Friday.
t7984 Three-time Brazilian World Cup player Muller headed home, enabling new comers Kashiwa Reysol to beat two-time champions Verdy Kawasaki 1-0 for their first win in the Japanese football league on Saturday. Poland is repatriating about 10 soldiers from Afghanistan after they refused to take part in patrols, citing fears about the strength of their armored vehicles, an official said Thursday. Ryan Giggs scored two penalties as reigning champions Manchester United returned to the top of the English Premier League with a 3-1 win over Tottenham Hotspur at Old Trafford on Saturday. With barbed wire blocking railroad tracks here, most tourists on the ``Security Tourism Train'' see this brand new station as the end of the line. Pope John Paul II revolutionised the papacy with his energy and intellectual ability but perhaps his most lasting memorial was his contribution to the collapse of communism in eastern Europe. Grizzard, who also appeared in films and on television, died Monday at a New York hospital of complications from lung cancer, his agent Clifford Stevens confirmed. Saying he was ``ready to help'' with the peace process, President Bush called on Northern Ireland political parties to honor a landmark 1998 peace accord, which is in danger of collapsing. Peruvian Army General Carlos Tafur took over from retiring General Walter Chacon on Sunday to become president of the joint command of Peru's armed forces and commanding general of the army.
t2316 NBA spokesman John Maroon said there are no league rules preventing Jordan from returning to the Bulls, who must only cut a player to make room for Jordan on the roster. Australia's foreign minister on Wednesday rejected Beijing's definition of the Dalai Lama as a political activist and said the Tibetan spiritual leader would always be welcome to visit the country. A Canadian minister, who resigned last week amid allegations of her husband's influence peddling, on Thursday denied claims she consorted with prostitutes at a party where cocaine was used. The last decade has been kind to many funds; they enjoyed some great years and high returns overall. Even so, only a relative handful have managed strong performance without losing money in even one year. An OECD report has criticised Britain, one of the world's three largest financial centres, of failing to crack down sufficiently on overseas bribery and corruption. A Los Angeles Times travel column incorrectly reported the Internet address for a geography quiz Web site. The correct address is ilike2learn.com. A librarian searching a historical society's cluttered storage area stumbled upon a flag that was in Abraham Lincoln's theater box on the night of his assassination. The Xinhua News Service, the English edition of the WWW.Xinhuanet.com, will appear, as of November 1, in a completely new image after an all-round contents restructure, a website spokesman said here today.
t428 China's parliament prepared Saturday for its annual session, amid speculation over senior personnel changes and a resurgence of dissident demands for greater democracy and checks on official corruption. The Pennsylvania woman who admitted swinging her 4-week-old son like a bat to hit her boyfriend, fracturing the infant's skull, wants to withdraw her guilty plea, saying she now remembers events more clearly. Four peacekeepers with the joint UN-African Union force in the western Sudanese region of Darfur have been missing for 24 hours, UNAMID spokesman Nouredine Mezni told AFP on Monday. The Israeli army moved tanks and troops into Ramallah early Friday morning and surrounded the compound of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, Israeli and Palestinian officials said. A 23-year-old Zambian was sentenced to nine months in prison for insulting President Levy Mwanawasa and his deceased mother, a state-run newspaper said Wednesday. Day camp and beach vacations make summer an outdoor go-go season for many kids, but the amount of UV radiation they soak up may determine their risk of skin cancer as adults. President Bush welcomed Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to Camp David on Saturday where the two leaders began a one-day summit expected to touch on economic, security and environmental issues. There are about 600 days away to the 2002 World Cup finals, while the co-hosts South Korea and Japan are almost halfway to their completion of the preparations.
t9061 Terry Venables was 'the people's choice' as new England boss but his teams are not. His latest snub of Manchester United's seven million pound star striker Andy Cole is not popular with the masses. Heavy rains and flooding have killed at least 35 people in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh over the last 24 hours, a top government official said Saturday. Europe's main stock markets rose strongly at the start of trading on Monday, with London's benchmark FTSE 100 index of top shares up 0.97 percent at 5,779.04 points. The way this usually works, the heady accolades follow the heady numbers, points translating into plaques without anyone giving much thought to the entire process. Israeli police prevented right-wing Jewish extremists from staging a rally at Jerusalem's disputed mosque compound Sunday after thousands of Muslims had massed to defend the flashpoint site. A twin-engine cargo plane carrying three U.S. soldiers and a crew of three was weaving through the mountains of Afghanistan on a crystal-clear day in November 2004. Grain and soybean futures finished little-changed in choppy trading Thursday on the Chicago Board of Trade as the wild price swings of the previous three sessions gave way to investor caution. The levels of crime remain unnecessarily high in the country and the poor remain the most vulnerable who suffer the most, Mandela said.
t6852 Sierra Leone's rebels on Wednesday said they will soon free all foreigners held under their protection, with the exception of two British aid workers seized in November. Floods and landslides triggered by heavy rain have killed 15 people and left two missing in southwest China's Sichuan province, state media reported Wednesday. Two male bodies with gun shot wounds were found Thursday in a car belonging to the Serbian government, police said. White House counselor Karen Hughes, one of President Bush's most influential adivsers and steadfast supporters, said Tuesday she would leave her job in the administration and return to Texas. Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz has delayed a third planned transfer of control to Palestinian forces in the West Bank, citing Palestinian security failures, public radio reported Sunday. The ACLU's request was opposed by a coalition of newspapers and the Washington-based Immigration Reform Law Institute. Vista Superior Court Judge Michael Orfield agreed with the ACLU that the privacy rights of the permit-holders outweighed the public's right to inspect governmental records. A surprised Jiri Novak won the $600,000 Gstaad Open, beating Juan Carlos Ferrero 6-1, 6-7 (5), 7-5 Sunday in a final shortened to three sets because of rain. Sri Lanka military and police are on high alert Tuesday as the separatist Tamil Tiger rebels began to observe the so called Hero's Week with a number of religious ceremonies.
t8015 Security forces were Saturday hunting down hundreds of armed Islamic extremists after killing more than 300 fundamentalists in the government's biggest anti-militant crackdown to date, the daily El Watan reported. Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards is bemoaning the growing divide between rich and poor as he returns to the signature theme of "Two Americas" from his unsuccessful 2004 White House bid as a vice presidential candidate. A US drone fired three missiles into a militant compound in Pakistan's tribal area near the Afghan border on Saturday, killing seven militants, security officials said. Pakistani officials said Saturday that U.S. forces had joined Pakistani troops in raids in that country's tribal areas to hunt down suspected Taliban and al-Qaida fighters. An Australian man whose alleged attempt to kill his wife left her in a deep coma has threatened to launch a court battle to prevent relatives from turning off her life-support system. In "Lust, Caution," set in Japanese-occupied Shanghai of the 1940s, Mr. Yee (Tony Leung) is the debonair but ruthless head of security for the collaborative Chinese government, and Wong Chia Chi (Tang Wei) is a revolutionary student who has drawn the short straw in her circle to seduce and Two astronauts ventured out on a spacewalk Tuesday night to hook up air tanks on the international space station's new entryway following a brief yet critical computer breakdown. Iraq proposed the lower selling prices for its crude oil grades so it could include a 50-cent per-barrel surcharge outside the U.N. program and still keep its oil competitive, oil industry analysts said.
t9747 A series of joint initiatives by the three main shipping classification societies to eliminate sub-standard shipping should succeed in limiting accidents, specialists here said Thursday. Rebecca Ward led the U.S. to a 45-37 victory over Russia and a women's team saber gold medal at the World Cup and Las Vegas Grand Prix on Sunday. Robotic underwater vessels raced Monday to stave off an environmental disaster by stopping 42,000 gallons of oil a day from streaming into the Gulf of Mexico from a sunken rig. The Sooners enter the summer with one question _ how good is touted incoming freshman kicker Josh Roberts? If that's the question, that should give some indication of how settled OU is on offense and defense, despite a new offensive coordinator and a new running game tutor and without The German death toll from the Indian Ocean tsunami in December has risen to 383, the foreign ministry said Monday, making it the country's highest from a natural disaster since floods killed 340 people in Hamburg in 1962. An article written for the Los Angeles Times stated that there are about 80,000 arrests annually in the U.S. related to marijuana. There are about 800,000 such arrests each year. One protester was killed and nearly 100 police and demonstrators injured in running battles that raged in the cobbled alleyways and broad piazzas of this ancient port city Friday. San Jose, the heart of Silicon Valley, is the top provider of jobs in U.S. high-tech industry,according to a new study released Tuesday.
t8978 French automaker Renault more than tripled its group-share net profit last year, to 3.64 billion francs (730 million dollars) against 1.07 billion the previous year, the group announced on Tuesday. A senior U.S. envoy just back from North Korea said the country showed readiness to promptly shut down a plutonium-producing reactor, but that completely disarming the communist state would be a long, arduous process. The European Union was split Monday over an economic bailout plan for Greece, with Germany warning against "taking the pressure off" while Italy lashed Berlin for "intransigence." Most days, the Cheverton subdivision resembled the American dream, with its multicultural mix of neighbors, driveway basketball courts and posted speed limits of 22 mph. Some 3,000 protestors demonstrated outside the Japanese consulate in the southern Chinese city of Ghangzhou, a Japanese diplomat told AFP Sunday, a day after a violent anti-Japan rally in Beijing. Fred Thompson took a series of not-very-veiled shots at Rudolph W. Giuliani on the former mayor's home turf Monday night, calling himself the only true conservative candidate in the GOP presidential primary. IBM announced an 8 percent increase in second-quarter profits, saying its wide range of products and services helped it weather a troubled economy that hurt other technology companies. Following are the final standings after Saturday's last leg of the six-round figure skating Grand Prix series in Asahikawa, Japan, counting towards the Grand Prix Final in Tokyo in February:
t5150 More than 8,000 ethnic Karen refugees from Burma have fled a camp inside Thailand after it was attacked by renegade Karen earlier this week, border sources said Friday. Audi overcame the challenge of two Peugeot cars and wet racing conditions Sunday to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans for the fourth straight year. The interest rate which Greece has to offer to borrow money for 10 years rose to a record 7.601 percent on international bond markets on Monday, above a level which Athens has already called untenable. President Bush and the Senate majority leader, Tom Daschle, staked out on Tuesday the battle over taxes, the budget and national defense that will probably define this year's congressional elections. Undermanned, abandoned by their coach and in hostile territory, Bahrain enter Friday's World Cup qualifying showdown against the steely North Koreans with their backs to the wall. Tennis: TEN-OPEN -- NEW YORK -- Sisters Venus and Serena Williams win their matches in straight sets to reach the quarterfinals; in the brutally tough top half of the women's bracket, the sisters would meet in the semifinals with one more win apiece. Developing, expecting versions from Times, Post Wally Barr has been named the sole chief operating officer at Park Place Entertainment Corp., the world's largest casino company. Philippine Vice President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo urged the people Tuesday to be vigilant on the upcoming impeachment trial proceeding before the Senate.
t1967 German tennis stars Michael Stich and Boris Becker, the center of a feud with the German Tennis Federation over money and promises, spoke out on the situation here Wednesday. Oil and gasoline futures fell Tuesday as traders took profits from the previous session's rally and priced in expectations that a U.S. government report Wednesday will show increases in gas inventories and refinery utilization. Oil prices rebounded on Wednesday before key US energy stockpiles data and as traders reacted to a forecast of stronger demand. In past years, adidas has used its sponsorship of the Boston Marathon to run ads with a local focus. For a few days, the marathon transformed the Hub into a mecca of long-distance running, and adidas often filled that window with ads seeking to connect with serious runners. Greece on Friday added a further 3.4 million euros (4.4 million dollars) from school donations to relief funds for last December's tsunami disaster victims in Asia, bringing the country's total contribution to more than 30 million euros, the foreign ministry said. From a public-relations standpoint, it didn't look good. In the space of less than a month, China quashed two potentially embarrassing environmental reports that would have said what most people already know: This is a country facing a costly and increasingly deadly environmental crisis. Goran Ivanisevic shook up staid old Wimbledon on Wednesday _ springing another upset, flinging his shirt into the crowd and charging into the semifinals. Pakistani Chief Executive General Pervez Musharraf said on Saturday that his government is fully committed to socio-economic development of masses through high quality education and development of human resources.
t5722 Forces loyal to Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani dealt a new blow to the Taliban army of Islamic students Sunday, driving them out of a key base south of the capital. Experts believe a new test to detect human growth hormone may bring sports authorities a step closer to catching doping athletes. Finland's airports will remain closed until 9:00 am (0600 GMT) Wednesday morning due to a cloud of volcanic ash, airport operator Finavia said Tuesday, extending a previous forecast. Canada responded to the first deaths of Canadian troops in a combat zone since the Korean War with subdued remorse Thursday, but the country's leaders said their resolve to continue fighting along with U.S. troops in Afghanistan would not waver. The National Hockey League, which shut down its entire season in a labor dispute, cancelled its June's player draft Thursday, just one week after the latest negotiations for a settlement failed. Moments earlier, the South African farmer had arrested Jell and four other Zimbabwean border jumpers where they sat, exhausted, hungry and demoralized, hoping to hitch a ride 300 miles south to Johannesburg. Landmark campaign finance legislation was sidetracked in the House on Thursday in a hail of recrimination about which political party bore the blame for the latest setback in the drive to curtail the role of big money in politics. Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong and U.S. President Bill Clinton have agreed to start negotiations on a bilateral free trade agreement (FTA), said a statement published here Thursday by the Singapore government.
t9101 The number of approvals for home building in Australia rose 1.3 percent to a seasonally adjusted 13,403 in February from 13,233 the month before, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said Wednesday. Fashion designer Gianfranco Ferre already had the 2008 spring/summer collections for both men and women laid out before his death, giving the company that owns the fashion house breathing space to find its creative footing before deciding the company's future direction, the chief executive said Saturday. George Hill scored a game-high 29 points and the San Antonio Spurs pushed the second-seeded Dallas Mavericks to the brink of elimination from the NBA playoffs with a 92-89 victory on Sunday. Unable to convince Bonny Lee Bakley to get an abortion, actor Robert Blake tried to enlist a private investigator into helping him coerce her to get rid of the baby or ``whack her,`` according to court documents released Wednesday. US President George W. Bush and Israel's Prime Minister Ariel Sharon meet Monday for a summit that will be dominated by renewed controversy over Israel's settlements in the Palestinian territories. Politicians tend to tailor their words to their audiences, so it came as no surprise Tuesday when five presidential aspirants addressing a forum of Republican Jews all touted their Jewish credentials. Mattel Inc., the world's No. 1 toy maker, reported losses of $4.9 million for the second quarter because of certain one-time charges. Bian Zhilin, a renowned poet and expert on Shakespearean works, passed away on Saturday morning in Beijing at the age of 90.
t1951 The UN Human Rights Commission on Wednesday accused the Burmese military junta of torture, arbitrary executions and other abuses, and appealed for the release of Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi. Pakistan World Cup cricket coach Bob Woolmer died from natural causes and was not strangled as police earlier concluded, Jamaican Police Commissioner Lucius Thomas said Tuesday in announcing the end of an international homicide investigation. Plans to lay Polish president Lech Kaczynski to rest in a cathedral with the graves of monarchs, heroes and even a saint have ruptured national unity seen since his death in an air crash Saturday. With this country's vast fields of poppies ready to flower soon, Afghan officials said on Thursday that they would embark on a novel plan to pay farmers to destroy their crops, whether they want to or not. Ending a four-month operation, Slovenian police detained 29 alleged members of a gang that smuggled illegal immigrants from Croatia through Slovenia into Italy, the Slovenian press reported on Friday. White House press secretary Tony Snow seems to be taking matters into his own hands as senators from both parties warn that they are losing patience while waiting for signs of progress in Iraq. There is substantial success on the ground, Snow argues, and lately he has made that ``Paramount Pictures and Mutual Film Company present ... a Lawrence Gordon production ... in association with Eidos Interactive Limited ... a Simon West film ... Angelina Jolie ... 'Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.''' India's foreign exchange reserves have further fallen by 181 million U.S. dollars to 34.861 billion dollars during the week ended October 20, 2000, over the previous week.
t6037 The chief of the Russian General Staff, in an interview published Monday, called for the "immediate dissolution" of NATO, saying the end of the Cold War meant the western military alliance was no longer needed. The U.N. Security Council, adding to a chorus of disapproval, condemned a weekend rocket attack on Israel, calling it a "serious breach" of the cease-fire along the Israeli-Lebanese border. A routine anti-virus update from Web security firm McAfee confused a valid Windows file with a virus on Wednesday, disrupting computers around the world. Ten months ago, San Antonio Spurs Coach Gregg Popovich refused to even watch tape of a skinny 19-year-old point guard from France, much less consider drafting him. Foes in Ivory Coast's protracted crisis committed Friday to attend peace talks with African Union mediator Thabo Mbeki, aiming to disprove conclusions by a top thinktank that the "worst may be yet to come" in the restive west African state. Joe Seamone said he has used a "hodgepodge" of suppliers to build his collection of tropical plants. His three main sources are an Internet nursery called Brian's Botanicals, based in Louisville (www.briansbotanicals.net); Home Depot, which has expanded its tropical offerings in the region in the past two years; and Beijing was awarded the 2008 Olympics on Friday, winning the games for the world's most populous country for the first time. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,953.89 points Friday, up 0. 55 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t462 Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin and IMF Managing Director Michel Camdessus achieved progress toward agreement on a 6 billion dollar IMF standby credit for Russia at a midnight meeting here, monetary sources said Saturday. With a 4-inch (10-centimeter) gap in the space shuttle Atlantis' heat-protecting blanket not appearing to be an urgent problem, the crew readied themselves for what NASA called a delicate ballet with the international space station. President Barack Obama and Jordan's King Abdullah II called on Monday for proximity peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians to take place "as soon as possible" despite the current deadlock. Vice President Dick Cheney was absolutely right when he said Israelis and Palestinians were not capable of restarting the peace effort without high-level American involvement, but just how difficult that will be became evident this week. The long-heralded Arab summit was in a shambles, Arafat remained skulking in Ramallah New French Finance Minister Thierry Breton cut the forecast for growth of the French economy this year to 2.0-2.5 percent from 2.5 percent, at his first press conference on Wednesday. Complaint: Mercedes-Benz did not bring a C-Class with the company's splendiferous, super-high-mileage, quite clean Bluetec diesel engine to test in Portland, Ore. It was a political decision. The West Coast is still nanny-nanny-boo-booing things diesel. Here's hoping that the company does not give into that foolishness. Bluetec works extremely Roving bands of young men attacked activists staging what was believed to be the first gay rights march in Yugoslavia's capital, circling them one by one Saturday and kicking them until police intervened. Israeli government regarded the communique just issued at the conclusion of the Arab League summit in Egypt as "a victory of wisdom" in the Arab world.
t3059 Sri Lanka dismissed New Zealand for 109 before tea on the second day of the first Test here Sunday, gaining a 74 run first innings lead. Monique Currie scored a career-high 25 points, and Tree Rollins got his first victory as a WNBA coach in the Washington Mystics' 86-69 victory over the Phoenix Mercury on Wednesday. Norway and Sweden temporarily reopened some airspace on Friday, while Denmark and Finland said they were grounding all traffic until Saturday at least due to a cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland. When a large earthquake clobbered northern Afghanistan nearly two weeks ago, the international disaster relief community, as usual, sprang into action. Iraqi interim minister of state for governorate affairs Wael Abdulateef was kidnapped Sunday as he travelled back to the capital from Basra, provincial officials in the main southern city said. How walkable is your neighborhood? Walkscore.com ranks communities nationwide (and soon, globally) based on how many businesses, parks, theaters, schools and other common destinations are within walking distance of any given starting point. Alfonso Mondelo resigned as coach of the Tampa Bay Mutiny on Friday after directing the team to an MLS-worst 3-12-1 in his first season with the team. Soft-spoken and confident, Dhanin said he is never afraid of competition from western agribusiness companies after China's accession to the world trade body.
t9987 Chinese President Jiang Zemin renewed his orders to the People's Liberation Army (PLA) on Friday to strictly obey the communist party and defend the country against destabilizing western influences. The U.S. Supreme Court tightened limits on student speech Monday, ruling against a high school student and his 14-foot-long (4.3-meter) "Bong Hits 4 Jesus" banner. Leaders of Madagascar's rival political factions on Wednesday met in South Africa in a fresh bid to forge a deal on a unity government to end 15 months of crisis in the island nation. As Prime Minister Ariel Sharon flew to Washington on Sunday, Israeli officials intensified their campaign to discredit Yasser Arafat, distributing three compilations of captured Palestinian documents to American officials here that Israelis contend are indisputable proof that the Palestinian leader personally approved terror attacks. Matthew McConaughey's desert adventure "Sahara" scorched the competition at North America's box office last weekend, raking in 18 million dollars in its opening weekend, figures showed Monday. In 2005, Wilson was convicted of aggravated child molestation for having oral sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was 17. He was sentenced to 10 years with no possibility of parole, the mandatory minimum under Georgia law at the time. Gov. Jane Hull wants the state to look into boosting oversight of private boot camps in the wake of the death of a 14-year-old boy at one of the facilities. The historic impeachment trial of Philippine President Joseph Estrada started at 2:00 p.m. on Thursday,which is the first ever impeachment hearing against a sitting president of the country.
t8059 Iraq sentenced two Americans who strayed over the border from Kuwait to eight years in prison Saturday on charges of "illegal entry," the US State Department said. President Hugo Chavez on Thursday inaugurated a bridge linking the capital to its main airport, capping almost two years of construction just before a major soccer tournament. Former France international back Nicolas Brusque ended his professional rugby career in front of his home fans at Biarritz Saturday, admitting defeat to a series of knee injuries. The Revolution are establishing a reputation for resiliency. They survived a difficult start to the season by tying the Chicago Fire, 2-2, Saturday night, earning their fourth point in four road games. Kyrgyzstan's parliament Friday stripped the family of ousted president Askar Akayev of immunity and lifted a ban on seizing its property, but delayed formally accepting the veteran leader's resignation until next week. The House Thursday overwhelmingly voted to place all private contractors working in Iraq and other combat zones under the jurisdiction of U.S. courts, as Congress continues to probe last month's deadly shootings in Baghdad by Blackwater USA employees. Hundreds of farmers from South and North Korea danced and wrestled and played other traditional farmers' games in a scenic mountain in the communist North on Wednesday. The French bullet train maker Alstom will produce a new train, Automotrice a Grande Vitesse (AGV) , which can run at 350 kilometers per hour, more than the 320 kilometers by the current Train a Grand Vitesse (TGV).
t7354 Eurocopter, a joint Franco-German venture, has won a deal to supply the United Arab Emirates (UAE) with seven Panther anti-submarine helicopters, beating competition from the US Sikorski and Britain's Westland, the army announced on Thursday. Addressing the Palestinian people for the first time since the Hamas takeover of Gaza, President Mahmoud Abbas angrily lashed out at the Islamic militants Wednesday, accusing them of trying to build an "empire of darkness" in Gaza and pledging he would not talk to "murderous terrorists." G20 finance ministers on Friday hailed a better than expected economic recovery and said it was time for plans to roll back measures taken to tackle the waning global crisis. The chuck wagon sitting on the stage was a Newton built in 1877, said Red Steagall, the Texas poet and songwriter whose works include ``Lone Star Beer and Bob Wills Music.'' People in Thailand's southern coastal areas can return home, as the threat of a tsunami has passed, a top meteorological official told Thai television early Tuesday. Phil Spector's circle of confidants has shrunk in recent years, but Wednesday, after the district attorney's office pledged to retry the recording industry icon in the slaying of actress and nightclub hostess Lana Clarkson, people close to the producer said that he had embraced the hung jury as a Homestore.com, the Internet's biggest portal for real estate listings and agent services, is no longer under an antitrust investigation by the Justice Department, officials from both entities said Monday. China is investigating the accurate value of the physical assets of some foreign companies in China, today's China Daily reported.
t9009 France make four changes from the side that won 25-7 against Ireland three weeks ago for their rugby international against Romania on April 8. Convalescing leader Fidel Castro on Friday issued a "reflection" on his recent essays entitled "Reflections of the Commander in Chief," outlining his dilemma over whether to write them longer or shorter. The head of India's cricket body on Monday said that the suspension of IPL boss Lalit Modi over tax evasion and match-fixing claims was required for a "free and fair" investigation. State and local officials are looking for a 5-year-old girl who was supposed to be in state custody but whom no one noticed until last week had been missing for more than a year. Dozens of right-wing Israeli militants were arrested Sunday as police tried to prevent a rally at Jerusalem's disputed mosque compound as hundreds of Muslims staged their own counter-demonstration. There are two ways to read Alice Sebold's new novel, "The Almost Moon." On the one hand, it is a toxic soup of contagious mental illness, cruelty, deception and regret: Sad middle-aged woman murders the mother she has always hated. On the other hand, it's a comedy of errors: Four-time Academy Award winner Katharine Hepburn was undergoing tests at a hospital Thursday and was expected to go home in a few days. Algerian soccer club Jeunesse Sportive de Kabylie (JSK) won the Confederation of African Football (CAF) Cup on Friday after defeating Egypt's Ismailia on away goals over two legs.
t3044 Several thousand New Caledonians have built shacks over the past few years in and around Noumea because of a housing shortage that officials here say is the French territory's number one problem. Most of Haiti's under-17 national soccer team apparently deserted the squad during an airport stopover in New York hours before a planned Wednesday trip to South Korea to prepare for the U17 World Cup. The three airports in Paris and 11 provincial airports will remain closed until 2:00 pm (1200 GMT) Saturday because of a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, the civil aviation authority said. Just over a year ago, on March 7, 2001, Ariel Sharon took office as Israel's eleventh prime minister, having beaten his predecessor, Ehud Barak, in a landslide. Sharon's election seemed like the ultimate expression of Israeli anger, the choice of a public frustrated by the stagnation of the peace UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on Sunday unveiled his blueprint for sweeping changes to the United Nations and the international system of security in place since World War II. Glacier National Park is a superb destination for stepping into the wild, but it's also a place where you can appreciate man-made landmarks. A federal judge sentenced environmental lawyer Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to 30 days in prison Friday for trespassing in attempts to thwart U.S. Navy bombing exercises on Vieques island. The latest devaluation of the local currency failed to boost export growth as the country's export earnings for the last two months of the current fiscal ( 2000-2001) continued to fall, according to the Financial Express Friday.
t4398 Azerbaijan plunged into a new power struggle Wednesday after the government ordered mutinous elite special forces to be dissolved and sent troops to surround their headquarters outside Baku. Elephants emerged safer and tigers won a vote of support, but sharks and corals failed to win protection at a two-week wildlife trade conference that ended Friday. Sirens wailed and church bells rang in Poland at 2:00 pm (1200 GMT) as an official funeral mass for president Lech Kaczynski and his wife began in the southern city of Krakow. His insurance company throughout, Prudential Property &AMP; Casualty, paid just as promptly for windstorm damage last summer and two other mostly small losses he had suffered since the early 1990s. A Congolese soldier was killed Tuesday and two others went briefly missing after their patrol was attacked near a camp for displaced people in the Democratic Republic of Congo's troubled Ituri region, the UN said. Ampakine: A class of drugs designed to enhance communication between brain cells. The drugs, still in development, will enhance almost all cognitive activities if they work as envisioned. Ever since star-crossed Apollo 13, NASA has never given a manned spaceflight or its vessel the number 13. And never in its history has it launched a spaceship on Friday the 13th. A Mirage-5 fighter jet sold to Pakistan by France crashed Friday morning during a trial flight in Gironde, southwest France, Agence France-Presse (AFP) reported.
t2840 Iran is infiltrating mosques in Germany as part of a propaganda campaign to "export" its fundamentalist Islamic revolution, the daily Die Welt said Saturday, quoting a government intelligence agency. The American Civil Liberties Union sued the city of New Orleans, its police chief and the police department Wednesday on behalf of a New Orleans man who said he was brutalized by a group of officers. Further trouble for Japan's auto industry emerged Thursday as embattled giant Toyota suspended worldwide sales of its Lexus GX 460 sport utility vehicle and Mazda announced a recall of 90,000 cars. Energy watchdog groups complained Monday that they are being left in the dark about security measures at the nation's 104 nuclear power reactors in the wake of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. An Egyptian suicide bomber carried out the car bomb attack which killed a Briton in Doha Saturday, the Qatari interior ministry said Sunday, quoted by Al-Jazeera TV. For tens of thousands of members of the National Guard and reserves who are called up to serve in Iraq, returning home safely may be the beginning -- not the end -- of their worst nightmare. Reservists lucky enough to make it home often find their civilian jobs gone A New Mexico teen-ager was arrested in the slaying of a Colorado high school student whose body was found last month. Standard and Poor (S&amp;P) assessed the Argentinean debt on Wednesday and warned that the government might not fulfill its financial goals agreed upon by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
t3341 The first world summit on social development approved by consensus a 10-point declaration and a 65-page programme of action against poverty, unemployment and social injustices early Sunday at the end of a week-long conference. Chinese archaeologists have discovered a sunken ship laden with Ming Dynasty porcelain, tipped off by local police who learned that fishing boats were carrying out illegal salvage operations, state media reported. A suicide bomber blew himself up in the main hospital in the southwestern Pakistani city of Quetta on Friday, killing 10 people and triggering chaos and panic on the wards. From the air, the lush forest of northern Colombia looks endless and serene, concealing a civil war that has raged beneath the canopy for years and years. European football's governing body UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Chelsea and the club's manager Jose Mourinho on charges of bringing the game into disrepute. The week's best travel bargains around the globe. -- Get every fourth night free at the bayfront Manchester Grand Hyatt in San Diego. Rooms start at about $279 a night (plus 10.5 percent tax). Also, up to three children age 12 and younger eat free at Sally's or Lael's Led by former sports car champion Scott Pruett, road-course aces took the first four positions Saturday in qualifying for the GNC Live Well 200 at Watkins Glen International. Following are the team standings of Spanish first division after Saturday's matches (tabulated under games played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against and points):
t4036 The dollar was mixed against other major currencies in busy early trading Tuesday after the Commerce Department announced the first fall in retail sales in nearly a year. A Qatari investment group on Friday raised its stake in U.K. grocer J. Sainsbury PLC to 25 percent, but gave no indication of its intentions. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called on Saturday for the setting up of a global body that would oversee nuclear disarmament. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. The Kuwait Journalists Association said on Tuesday it plans to organise a symbolic referendum for Kuwaiti women on March 28 to poll their opinion on women suffrage. When Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill., launched the first ads of his presidential campaign in Nevada last week, two things stood out. Sales, 4 p.m. price and net change of the 15 most active New York Stock Exchange issues, trading nationally at more than $1. The Chinese Government provided relief goods valued at RMB 2 million yuan (about 243,000 U.S. dollars) to the Royal Government of Cambodia Wednesday.
t6922 The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) was shut for the third consecutive day on Wednesday because of a huge payment crisis and the government said it would publish all of the details. BATTING--Holliday, Colorado, .364; DeLee, Chicago, .345; DYoung, Washington, .338; MiCabrera, Florida, .333; Renteria, Atlanta, .333; HaRamirez, Florida, .325; Helton, Colorado, .324. Thailand's prime minister called an emergency meeting with security officials Thursday after a series of blasts rocked Bangkok's business district, leaving dozens injured. It had become the social event of the year, the annual garden party at Cardinal Bernard F. Law's residence to raise money for Catholic Charities, the largest private social service agency in Massachusetts. Michael Jackson claimed Sunday a conspiracy was behind his child-sex trial, likened his ordeal to that of black civil rights figures, and said he drew strength from Nelson Mandela's history. A Los Angeles Times story about a guerrilla band attacking pipelines in Mexico identified Nezahualcoyotl as a district in Mexico City. Nezahualcoyotl is an independent municipality in the state of Mexico, bordering Mexico City. A Pennsylvania company will get its information about clinical trials and new therapies to millions more people through an agreement with Yahoo! Inc., one of the nation's most visited Web sites. The first flight that had been planned to fly to Baghdad Wednesday to start the resumption of the regular flight between the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Iraq has been delayed due to the objection of the U.N..
t3280 Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres met Crown Prince Hassan here Sunday to explore ways to mobilise international aid for development projects in Jordan. Ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra will not return to Thailand in the immediate future to fight for the return of his frozen assets because of concern for his safety, his lawyer said Thursday. Thaksin Shinawatra will sue Thailand's Foreign Minister Kasit Piromya following his comments describing the fugitive ex-premier as a "bloody terrorist," his legal adviser said Friday. Kirk, fighting to become the first black elected to the Senate from Texas, denied Morales a repeat performance of the surprise, shoestring victory the teacher captured in a senatorial runoff six years ago. Cambodian military police on Monday shot dead five villagers who were protesting their removal from disputed land in the kingdom's northwest and injured two others, officials and activists said. In a warning to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, President Bush said Thursday that Iran is a danger to the Middle East and promised that if al-Maliki does not share that view, the president would have a ``heart to heart'' talk with him. Umbrellas replaced rackets at Centre Court on Saturday when rain threatened to wipe out play at Wimbledon and add an extra day to tennis' top tournament. Xinhua is releasing dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major Chinese regions in the first three quarters of this year.
t9857 Relatives of people who disappeared under Argentina's military regime cast flowers into the Rio de la Plata Thursday in memory of prisoners hurled to their deaths from helicopters. Al-Qaida's deputy leader called on Muslims around the world to back Hamas with weapons, money and attacks on U.S. and Israeli interests in a Web audiotape Monday, urging the Palestinian militant group to unite with al-Qaida's "holy warriors" after its takeover of Gaza. A Russian space craft carrying more than 2.6 tonnes of freight including sweets and chocolate blasted into orbit Wednesday headed for the International Space Station, the control centre said. Dallas coach Don Nelson marvels at his foreign players _ Canada's Steve Nash can stop and pop behind the 3-point line like nobody else; the agile, 7-foot German forward Dirk Nowitzki became one of the league's top five players in a few months. World oil prices fell below 53 dollars a barrel on Monday amid easing worries over possible supply shortages, as OPEC looked set to raise output and after Nigerian oil workers dropped a threat to strike. Things eventually alight on a narrative thread -- an older man who appears to be a Hollywood type lunches with a chatty young actress, then ends up on a deadlocked freeway where a man goes on a shooting spree -- but it doesn't stay there for long. Timothy McVeigh's defense team billed the government more than $147,000 for the unsuccessful battle to delay his execution and other legal work in the last four months of his life. Lebanon is keen to boost cooperation with Iraq, especially in the fields of oil and trade, a visiting Lebanese official said here on Thursday.
t6949 Chechen rebel President Dzhokhar Dudayev is losing confidence in his ability to lead his country's secessionist struggle with Russia, a Russian deputy said here Wednesday after meeting Dudayev. Sweden's central bank on Wednesday raised its key interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point to 3.5 percent and signaled further hikes later this year. Dutch air traffic returned to normal Thursday, with the exception of some services to Scandinavia, Dutch air traffic control said, as the threat diminished from a cloud of volcanic ash. Australian businesswoman Nikki Hemming stepped into the spotlight for the first time Tuesday, to reveal her vision for making KaZaa, her controversial online file-sharing service, a successful, and legal, business. Storms halted play for the third day in a row here Sunday at the Players Championship, raising the chances for a Tuesday finish at a US PGA event that seems as if it might never end. Karl Rove may not think much of Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's chances of winning the White House, but it sounds as though President Bush is less sanguine. At an off-the-record lunch a week ago, Bush expressed admiration for her tenacity in the campaign. And he left some in the Investigators do not believe Chandra Levy would easily be lured from her apartment by a stranger, Washington's police chief said Sunday. Rio Ferdinand is poised to become the world's most expensive defender as West Ham agreed to sell him to Leeds United for 18 million pounds (27 million US dollars) on Wednesday.
t7109 Investigators have found large quantities of raw chemicals that could be used to produce the toxic nerve gas Sarin following a massive raid Wednesday against Doomsday cult Aum Supreme Truth, Jiji Press and TV Asahi reported Thursday. America's Cup defender Alinghi of Switzerland and challenger Emirates Team New Zealand are tuning up for a rematch that starts Saturday for sailing's most coveted trophy. Japan plans to develop "mind-reading" robots and consumer electronics that can be controlled by thought alone and hopes to market them within a decade, the Nikkei daily reported Thursday. For a woman who had spent the past 25 months in a Brazilian prison, using a hole in the floor for a toilet and a knee-high spigot for a shower, Gloria Trevi looked magnificent. Spanish bank BBVA is about to decide on approval for a takeover bid for Italian bank BNL, press reports here said on Monday, noting that an offer would raise pressure on Italian banking to open up. On its 10th day of deliberations, jurors asked for a video player to be delivered to their room. Exactly what was going on behind closed doors was unknown. Malaysia's prime minister celebrated 20 years in power Monday, building a legacy as a great modernizer of his country while struggling against a drooping economy and calls for democratic reforms. The service of "Long March" launching vehicles in the international satellite launching market is a beneficial supplement to international commercial satellite launching services, and it has provided foreign clients with new options, it says.
t1627 Seventeen people were killed when a truck loaded with acid overturned in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh on Monday, newspapers reported Wednesday. Roving "dog-beating squads" have been ordered to kill all canines within a three-kilometer (two-mile) area in a southwestern Chinese city after two residents died of rabies, officials said. A late goal by Stephane Mbia boosted Marseille's hopes of a first French title since 1992 on Wednesday as they edged Sochaux 1-0. For those who wish their shopping could have a positive influence on the world _ instead of simply a negative impact on their bank account _ we present the following buys that funnel funds to charitable causes: Twelve people were arrested Thursday when they took part in a largely peaceful demonstration against a meeting of the environment ministers of the G8 group of leading industrial nations, police said. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke on Wednesday painted a portrait of an economy that was carefully -- and successfully -- balanced to produce healthy growth and low inflation. In a victory for Baghdad, Security Council members backed a five-month extension of the U.N. humanitarian program for Iraq on Tuesday after Russia threatened to veto a U.S.-British proposal to overhaul sanctions against the oil-rich Mideast nation. Kenya will experience a shortfall of 13 million bags (90 kilograms per bag) of maize in 2001, an official from the Ministry of Agriculture has disclosed.
t2728 The State Department called Friday on Afghan combattants to cooperate in a peaceful transition and pledged to work with any government that emerges in Kabul. The European Commission suggested tightening budget rules Wednesday, saying it wanted national parliaments to be more involved in keeping EU economies' debt and deficits within agreed limits. French media giant Lagardere will sell its 20 percent stake in television channel Canal+ France, the company said Thursday, as it seeks to shake off poor earnings and calls for a change at the top. For a moment, a miniature sun lights up inside the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, a small campus of anonymous white buildings three miles northeast of Princeton University in New Jersey. A Swedish government-commissioned study recommending deep cuts in alcohol taxes has sent a tremor through all of Scandinavia, which is linked not only through languages and cultures but also by a constant stream of people crossing borders in search of cheaper booze. Alice Borchardt, who began a second career writing historical romance novels after she worked as a nurse for many years, has died. She was 67. A party that has pledged to intensify the drive to end Indian rule in Kashmir won an election in the Pakistani part of the disputed Himalayan region, Election Commission officials said Friday. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 1,984.26 points Thursday, up 6.89 points from the last close.
t8792 Hillary Clinton launched her maiden visit to India Tuesday with a tour of a children's home run by Mother Teresa, where the US first lady played with scores of orphans. A resolution to Nigeria's general strike was possible within days, labor leaders said Friday, marking the first sign of a softening in the unions' stance since the strike began earlier this week. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court, was on Monday declared winner of the country's first multi-party presidential election in over two decades. The Justice Department arrested the head of an Islamic charity in Illinois Tuesday and said there was extensive evidence that he and his organization had close ties to Osama bin Laden and had secretly funneled money to his al-Qaida terrorist network. Nigeria's two main oil unions on Saturday dropped a threat to paralyse their industry by holding a nationwide strike, saying that they had forged a deal on working conditions with employers and the government. In the morning, residents of Mexico City awakened to an eerie quiet. Tens of thousands of street vendors, for decades a fixture of this hopelessly overcrowded city, were gone. And the sea of cheap and often pirated goods with which they covered cement and asphalt was gone too. Norwegian Kjell Wilhelmsen made the catch of his _ and a drowning Dane's _ lifetime when he hooked the 246-pound man with his fishing rod. Despite the political problems facing the country, economic managers of the Philippine government remain confident that the gross domestic product will grow by four percent this year, and by 3.5 percent in 2001.
t3437 Romario's Flamengo crashed 3-1 at Fluminense in Brazil's Carioca football championship on Sunday for their first defeat of the season. The global wildlife trade watchdog agreed Thursday to beef up its scrutiny of caviar quotas and make the system more transparent -- steps aimed at saving sturgeon from extinction. Greece is laying the groundwork for any possible bailout from the European Union and the International Monetary Fund, Prime Minister George Papandreou said on Friday. The computers in the cockpits of modern jets help airline pilots with more and more tasks: plotting routes, calculating fuel use and takeoff speeds, relieving the tedium of 14-hour flights and finding the way through the clouds. But what about dealing with the Sept. 11 problem, hijackers who want The left-wing Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) and the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP) announced on Monday that they would run in parliamentary elections due this July. In a week, former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson, R, is slated to appear on ``The Daily Show.'' He may be little more than a punch line by then, as he has pledged to ``reassess'' his presidential candidacy if he does not finish first or second in the Iowa straw Public support for Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party continued to rise in June, buoyed by voter expectations for reformist Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's policies, according to a newspaper poll published Sunday. Six people were killed by flooding as several twisters have pounded central and southeast Texas state of the United States, said reports reaching here Monday.
t1611 Russian arms experts made a surprise visit to inspect a US nuclear facility Tuesday in accordance with the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START). A rocket-propelled grenade hit the home of Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas on Tuesday, in what Hamas said was an attempted assassination. The house was damaged, but Haniyeh and his family were not harmed. Worldwide personal computer sales rose more than 27 percent in the first quarter and Asian manufacturers posted gains in market share while US giants Hewlett- Packard and Dell lost ground, Gartner research firm said Wednesday. In the mid-1960s, a 30-something artist walked into La Galeria Bryna in Mexico City accompanied by his paintings and his aunt. Enrique Chavarria, who suffered from a speech impediment that made him reluctant to socialize, lived with his three unmarried aunts. He rarely went anywhere without them. For the first time a majority of French say they plan to vote 'no' in the national referendum on the European constitution to be held in June, according to a poll to be published Friday in the daily Le Parisien. President Bush created a Cabinet-level panel Wednesday to improve the safety of imported food and other products, responding to concerns raised after tainted toothpaste and pet food reached the United States from China. In two significant changes to the Rules of Golf, the U.S. Golf Association will allow amateurs to receive free equipment from manufacturers and permit them to go through PGA Tour qualifying without losing their amateur status. The ASEAN Agriculture and Forestry Ministers Meeting, opened here Thursday, ended Friday with good results, according to a joint press statement issued on the meeting.
t1519 The Board of Directors of Northern Electric regional electricity company recommended on Tuesday that shareholders should accept a takeover bid made by British conglomerate Trafalgar House, a subsidiary of Hong Kong group Jardine Matheson. A father who ordered his daughter's brutal death for falling in love with the wrong man in a so-called honor killing was found guilty of murder on Monday. The interim authorities in Kyrgyzstan have stripped ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev of his immunity to prosecution and will arrest him if he does not surrender, a top official said on Tuesday. The Security Council, deflecting an Arab request for a stronger resolution demanding Israeli withdrawal from Palestinian cities, met on Tuesday in two private sessions with the representatives of Israel and the Palestinians to urge an end to the conflict. The Syrian army Thursday completed the first stage of a planned pullback from Lebanon ahead of schedule, with some 4,000 troops having returned home, as more symbols of its near-30-year presence in the country were hauled down. The Food and Drug Administration came under withering criticism by a House panel Tuesday for its handling of recent food-safety violations, and the Bush administration later disclosed plans to establish a working group to review the safety of food and other imports. Imposing a death sentence on a man convicted of bombing a U.S. embassy in Africa would backfire by turning him into a martyr, a defense lawyer told jurors during closing arguments of the penalty phase of the terrorist's trial. Britain said Friday that 18 Britons have been arrested in the United States since June on suspicion of importing qat, a substance drug which is legal in Britain but is illegal in America.
t8780 Japanese motor vehicle exports in February edged down 1.6 percent from a year earlier to 374,171 units, following a 23-percent drop the previous month, an industry association said on Tuesday. Labor leaders held informal talks with government negotiators Friday, and said a resolution to Nigeria's general strike was possible within days -- the first sign of a softening in labor's stance since the strike began earlier this week. Israeli police on Monday arrested former prime minister Ehud Olmert's one-time office manager, the latest Olmert aide to be questioned over multiple fraud and bribery cases in which the ex-premier is a suspect. The law of war is at once oxymoronic and highly developed. Various conventions and protocols lay out numerous rules for acceptable conduct in military operations. But applying them in densely populated towns like those on the West Bank can be difficult. Newspapers across the Arab world highlighted on Saturday the "historical" funeral of Pope John Paul II, who spurred in his death unprecedented contact between Israel and its archfoes Syria and Iran. Pini Haroz, an Israeli-born Georgia-based wine importer, said he thinks the answer is Grapes of Galilee wine , which he is marketing to American Christians . Teen pop is often rapped for being predictable and formulaic. After watching the first few acts on the opening night of MTV's ``TRL Tour,'' it was hard to argue with the criticism. A passenger bus on its way from Dacchan area to Patti Mohalla in Kishtwar was ambushed by militants at Sarabtti village but police guards inside the bus retaliated, killing a militant and injuring another who, however, escaped, according to the Press Trust of India.
t3313 In the second half, Freiburg's Thomas Vogel scored an own goal just two minutes before the fifth goal in the 52nd minute by Basler. Uwe Spies scored a consolation goal for Freiburg five minutes later. A court on Thursday ordered a top militant leader from Nigeria's oil region free on bail, and a spokesman for fighters behind months of mayhem that have roiled global oil markets welcomed the step. The trial of renegade British Catholic bishop Richard Williamson for Holocaust denial began on Friday in his absence in a case that has deeply embarrassed the Vatican. Former Dallas Mayor Ron Kirk claimed victory in the Democratic runoff for the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, vanquishing Victor Morales and completing his party's quest for an ethnically diverse ``dream team'' ticket of top statewide candidates. Thai share prices closed 0.90 percent lower Monday on profit-taking in big-cap shares as investors expressed concern over a domestic oil price hike, dealers said. Billy Neville was flipping through the humongous Fiske Guide to Colleges last fall, yet another senior at a pressure-cooker high school in search of a game plan, when his mother told him something unexpected. Lance Armstrong began his bid for a third straight Tour de France title Saturday by finishing third in the prologue of cycling's showcase event. Li Ruihuan, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), arrived in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Sunday for an inspection tour.
t7516 Israel would cede more to Yasser Arafat if he showed himself able to prevent terrorist attacks against Jews, Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said Friday in the French daily Le Figaro. NASA managers were still evaluating Atlantis' heat shield a day before the space shuttle was to land in Florida, where a forecast for thunderstorms appeared to be the main obstacle for its return. Hardliner Dervis Eroglu, the new president of the self-declared breakaway Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, was sworn in on Friday in the TRNC parliament in the island's divided capital. ``My guess is as the spring comes and the weather improves and they find ways to communicate with each other, they will probably again try to attack the interim (government) as well as U.S. and coalition forces, and attempt to create an environment that is inhospitable to everyone except With no tsunami warning system in place despite taking a direct hit from last year's Indian Ocean disaster, most Indonesian were alerted to the possible risk of quake-triggered waves by the tremor itself. Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf secured a badly needed victory Friday when the Supreme Court cleared the way for him to run for another term, despite a challenge from opponents who claim he is ineligible. Sen. Jesse Helms was outraged five years ago when President Clinton refused to enforce a provision of an anti-Cuba law Helms helped write. Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ratnasiri Wickremanayake has ordered that all reports of development programs should be finalized and presented to him for his personal perusal by December 20, the official Daily News reported Friday.
t7999 The French automaker PSA Peugeot Citroen is seeking to boost its Latin America presence with aggressive marketing in Brazil and plans for factories in Argentina and Brazil, company officials said. European Union leaders at a summit on Thursday gave Cyprus and Malta their blessing to join the euro currency zone in January. Both of Bayern Munich's centre-backs Martin Demichelis and Daniel van Buyten are rated doubtful for Tuesday's Champions League semi-final second leg at Lyon after picking up injuries on Saturday. The Seattle Mariners live in the present. They could not be so successful otherwise. They are made up of good players who play great together, and an unbending focus seems to guide them. The United States and China have agreed for the first time ever to hold regular, senior-level talks on a range of political, security and possibly economic issues, The Washington Post said Friday quoting senior US administration officials. John Martin Heneghan, 79, who opened many doors in maritime employment and training for women and minorities, died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Sept. 3 at his Bethesda, Md., home. Two Venezuelan attorneys said Tuesday they helped Vladimiro Montesinos during his flight from Peruvian justice last year _ the latest revelation in a brewing scandal over the ex-spy chief. An earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale jolted Hoh Xil of northwest China's Qinghai Province, at 10:01 (Beijing Time) Sunday, according to the China Seismological Bureau.
t220 Avis Atovermietung GmbH, a car hire firm, has ordered about 25,000 cars from Opel at a cost of 700-750 million marks (500 million dollars), Avis announced. President Vladimir Putin, who is constitutionally barred from seeking a third term next year, left the door open for a return to the Kremlin in 2012, a Russian newspaper reported Saturday. Australia said on Sunday it will prosecute those responsible for a Chinese ship crashing on an illegal route at the Great Barrier Reef and leaking tonnes of oil. Darrell Waltrip said this to 10 million viewers _ Yankees, Left Coasters and Corn Belters _ scattered around the 50 states: ``That ol' Dodge got some ponies under the hood.'' Hong Kong gold prices opened slightly lower Wednesday at 440.00-440.50 US dollars an ounce, compared to Tuesday's close of 440.10-440.60 dollars an ounce. Gloria Helfgott, an artist and curator who transformed her studio into a classroom for students of the genre known as ``book art,'' and whose work helped define that genre, died June 23 of scleroderma at her home in Pacific Palisades. She was 79. In an effort to bolster its European business, Tommy Hilfiger Corp. has signed a definitive agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Amsterdam-based T.H. International N.V., the owner of its European licensee, for $200 million in cash. The United Nations Commission on Human Rights ended a three-day special session here Thursday by setting up an inquiry commission into Israeli abuses in occupied Palestinian territories.
t4899 Miners in the town of Vorkuta in Russia's far north launched a hunger strike on Thursday to protest their salaries not being paid, Interfax news agency reported. Lewis Hamilton outran McLaren teammate Ricardo Alonso and Ferrari drivers Felipe Massa and Kimi Raikkonen on Saturday, capturing the the No. 1 starting spot for the U.S. Grand Prix and his second consecutive pole. A senior US official warned Monday of potentially serious damage to military jets from volcanic ash after a buildup of glass was found in the engine of a NATO fighter plane in Europe. Detectives arrested a 51-year-old counselor for the Boys Choir of Harlem on Monday on charges of molesting a 13-year-old boy who sang with the group in 1999, authorities said. The counselor, Frank Jones Jr., was charged with third-degree sex abuse and endangering the welfare of a child, both misdemeanors, Greece should take advantage of China's rising per capita income to attract more visitors for its flagging tourism industry, the private Research Institute for Tourism (ITEP) said Wednesday. Jewell had been suffering from health problems including diabetes and kidney trouble, said coroner Johnny Worley. Since 2003, Jewell had been a deputy in the Meriwether County Sheriff's Department, where he was on disability leave. It was one of a number of small-town police jobs he'd had since his Louis Bitonti vividly recalls the ``boom-boom'' as Japanese torpedoes tore into the USS Indianapolis on a dark night in the South Pacific. He remembers the flames, the screams of wounded men, his own terror as the cruiser plunged to the ocean floor. BANDAR SERI BEGAWAN, November 13 (Xinhua) -- The 12th ministerial meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) said Monday that the Republic of Korea would host the group's Seventeenth Ministerial Meeting in 2005.
t4335 The Ghanaian government has resumed its bid to mediate a settlement to Liberia's brutal five-year civil war, reopening talks with leaders from Monrovia, the foreign ministry said Wednesday. In a June 11 story about a list of experimental Alzheimer's drugs, The Associated Press erroneously spelled one manufacturer's name. Dimebon's maker is Medivation Inc., not Medication Inc. Rafael Nadal snapped a title drought stretching back nearly a year as the powerful Spaniard made history on Sunday with a sixth consecutive trophy at the Monte Carlo Masters. On the second floor of a house here, a few children played Saturday on a striped swing set while Israeli snipers fired solitary blasts into the shattered camp outside. The leaders of Venezuela, Brazil and Colombia will hold a summit with Spain's prime minister next week in this Andean nation in a bid to boost relations, Venezuela's communications minister said Tuesday. The approval paves the way for a debt-laden deal that legislators on Long Island have criticized almost from the day it was announced in February of 2006. London-based National Grid and KeySpan are expected to work to close the sale this week, in advance of a Saturday contractual walkaway Wimbledon champion Goran Ivanisevic is putting shoulder surgery on hold until the end of the year so he can meet an unexpectedly crowded tennis schedule. Visiting Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Nawaf Massalha Thursday urged South Africa to help find a solution to the current "mini-war" between the Israelis and the Palestinians.
t1936 Radka Kovarikova and Rene Novotny of the Czech Republic won the pairs title at the World figure skating championships here on Wednesday. Kurdish separatist rebels Tuesday declared a "unilateral cease-fire" in attacks against Turkey and said they were ready for peace negotiations, but the group maintained the right to defend itself. Iran plans nearly to double its purchase of Sri Lankan tea, the island's main export commodity, Sri Lanka's government said Wednesday, announcing a move that could boost tea prices. For a vehicle designed primarily for policy wonks, the hybrid car is surprisingly cool. Hybrids, which use more than one power source (usually gasoline and electricity), are designed to be more environmentally friendly than gas-powered cars. But they also represent the vanguard of car technology and, with only two An additional three million people internally displaced within their own borders were forced to flee their homes last year because of civil wars and human rights abuses, a group monitoring the situation said Friday. I vividly remember the weeks leading up to the first international conference for Middle East peace. U.S. Secretary of State James Baker, who had shuttled frantically to resolve the issue of Palestinian representation, kept the 1992 conference's location under wraps. Once he declared Madrid the site, many of us Congolese President Joseph Kabila and Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni held their first face-to-face peace talks Wednesday as part of an effort to end the 3-year war in Congo. Following are final standings for motorcycling world championship after Sunday's 16th and last race of the season at the Australian motorcycle grand prix in Phillip Island, Australia:
t5635 Jurgen Klinsmann got the 82nd minute winner for Spurs in their 1-0 victory over bottom club Leicester City, while fellow German Uwe Rosler was a similar hero for Manchester City at Maine Road. Spanish police seized four tonnes of cocaine aboard a ship off the northwest coast of Spain, the Interior Ministry said. Shuttle Discovery touched down Tuesday at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, making a safe return to Earth after a two-week resupply mission to the International Space Station. Now, as co-writer and producer of ``The Mummy Returns'' spinoff ``The Scorpion King,'' he re-creates the muscle-man barbarian film with the same sense of breathless action and borderline camp comedy. European stock markets rose on Thursday ahead of the long Easter weekend, but the British oil sector was weighed down by news of a fatal blast at a BP refinery in the United States, dealers said. Portuguese police suspect that the mother of missing 4-year-old Madeleine McCann was involved in her death, a family spokesman said Friday, a dramatic development in a case that has captivated Europe since May. With the slumping economy bringing a surge in bankruptcy filings, the Senate on Thursday took a procedural vote on a House-passed bill making it harder for people to wipe away their debts in court. Belgian voice recognition software developer Lernout &amp; Hauspie said Thursday that the auditing report on its 1998 and 1999 performance was unreliable.
t2531 The Director-General of the state-owned Ghana Broadcasting Corporation (GBC), David Anaglate, has been put on indefinite leave, according to a statement issued here late Thursday. Croatia's top opposition party on Wednesday called on Interior Minister Ivica Kirin to resign, accusing him of bypassing laws to discover who has posted clips of his speeches -- often marred by gaffes -- on a popular video sharing site YouTube. US President Barack Obama said Thursday the explosion that killed 29 miners last week was "first and foremost" a failure of management by operators of the West Virginia mine. USC's best defense was an efficient offense Saturday at the Coliseum during an 85-play spring scrimmage that rarely offers much indication how good a team will be in the fall. The United States has decided to suspend military aid to Nicaragua until it destroys all SAM-7 surface-to-air missiles, which Washington worries could fall into the hands of terrorists, a government source said Saturday. Marvin Zindler, a flamboyant Houston TV personality who in the early 1970s blew the whistle on a rural brothel called the Chicken Ranch, thereby inspiring the musical ``The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas,'' died Sunday of pancreatic cancer at M.D. Anderson Hospital in Houston. He was 85. WorldCom on Thursday reduced its profit and revenue forecasts, which it said will no longer reflect the company's stake in a Brazilian telephone company as well as other factors. With the composite indices on the two stock exchanges basically dwelling above the previous price levels, most of China's discounted funds moved steadily Wednesday.
t6298 Hungary's opposition spat fire in parliament Monday at the social- liberal coalition for signing a bilateral treaty with Slovakia, which they said was against the interests of a 600,000-strong Hungarian ethnic minority in Slovakia. Muslim leaders demanded Tuesday that India's governing coalition replace its presidential nominee after she urged women to stop wearing veils, which she said were introduced to protect women from Muslim invaders centuries ago. Sub-Saharan African will enjoy a strong recovery this year and next after the region fared much better than most developed countries during the global economic crisis, the IMF said on Wednesday. One of the greatest challenges in telecommunications today is to find cost-effective ways to design and build new telephone networks and upgrade old ones. That is because demand for phone services has exploded in recent years _ but not from people making calls to talk to one another. A bomb threat caused a 90-minute delay in the start of Friday's National Basketball Association game between Indiana and Detroit, the Pacers first visit here since their infamous November brawl with spectators. The report said Iraqi leaders had improved their performance on only one of 18 measurements of progress since an interim report in July. Overall, the White House could report that satisfactory progress was being made toward just half of the 18 "benchmarks" set by the administration and the Iraqi Wall Street shook off early losses and extended its big rally Friday as investors grew more confident about an economic revival that has yet to become apparent. Li Peng, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Chinese Communist Party's Central Committee, said that new connotation should be added to the existing laws and regulations to be amended.
t1861 Michael Stich has threatened to quit his country's Davis Cup team in a row over money with the German tennis federation (DTB). An official downplayed China's food safety woes Tuesday, saying they weren't as bad as reported, while showing off seized counterfeits from chewing gum to soy sauce that highlighted its continuing problem with fakes. The Red Knights, a group of wealthy Manchester United fans, were meeting on Wednesday to discuss plans for a possible takeover of the heavily-indebted club, according to British media reports. Civil rights activist James Forman strode into Riverside Church in New York City on May 4, 1969, and demanded $500,000 in reparations for slavery, startling the predominantly white congregants. Historians point to that day as the start of the modern reparations movement, initiated and led for years by people The five big EU states, Germany, France, Italy, Spain and Britain, have agreed to block any moves for a rigid implementation of the 25-nation bloc's budget rules as enshrined in the Stability and Growth Pact, the daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported on Friday. A top aide to Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani was stabbed to death in what Sistani's supporters believe was a warning to Iraq's senior Shiite cleric, authorities said Saturday. Helmut Kohl's lawyers went before a court Wednesday seeking to block the release of conversations secretly recorded by East German spies _ archives lawmakers would like to use in their investigation into a slush fund scandal. However, a new quarterly survey of internet confidence reveals that, despite this, the UK government is coming under fire for not doing enough to foster the sector.
t4797 Japan's money supply in February increased by 3.6 percent from the figure a year earlier, the highest since June 1991, the Bank of Japan said in a preliminary report on Thursday. The United States strengthened its offer of support for President Mahmoud Abbas on Saturday, telling him an international aid embargo against the Palestinians would end as soon as he forms a new government without Hamas, aides to Abbas and a Western diplomat said. The United Nations said Monday that the election of hardline Dervis Eroglu as Turkish Cypriot president was a matter for his community but said it expected negotiations on reunification of the Mediterannean island to continue. At this time of year, it's important to remember that the baseball season is a marathon, not a sprint. And the first-place Red Sox at this hour are like a rabbit runner, taking charge as the leaders move past Ashland High School. Kyrgyzstan's newly-appointed interior minister Wednesday said law enforcement authorities would use all lawful means to restore order in the ex-Soviet nation amid increasing unrest over a contested parliamentary poll, news agencies reported. Almost six years after Rudy Giuliani became "America's Mayor" for guiding the city through the aftermath of the Sept.11 attacks, many of those who stood by him then are now criticizing his traditional role at the annual memorial ceremony at Ground Zero. Iraq has resumed oil exports, officials said Wednesday, ending an almost five-week stoppage to protest U.S.-British attempts to overhaul U.N. sanctions imposed on the Arab nation. Following are figures about the foreign trade volume of China's five special economic zones ( SEZs)in the first nine months of 2000, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t6670 Karolj Seles, father of former world women's number one Monica Seles, said he expects his daughter to return to the sport she loves but said she remains haunted by her stabbing two years ago. An aerospace supplier from the United Kingdom will locate its North American headquarters in Newberry, bringing the area about 100 jobs. Aaron Brooks was named the NBA's Most Improved Player on Thursday, after setting a career high in points with a 19.6 scoring average. Ogden Mills Phipps, patriarch of one of the greatest horse racing dynasties in American history, and a philanthropist in Palm Beach and Martin counties, died Monday at Good Samaritan Medical Center after a brief illness. He was 93. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has denied any disagreement with Israel over Jewish settlements, reiterating that any final negotiations will have to take major population centres into account. his notorious remark that U.S. generals had brainwashed him into supporting the Vietnam War, the surprise entry into the race of fellow liberal Republican Nelson Rockefeller, Richard M. Nixon's establishment appeal. But his Mormonism wasn't among them. Shawn Chacon recovered from his worst outing in the majors by allowing two runs over eight-plus innings, and Larry Walker hit three doubles as Colorado stopped a five-game slide by beating the Texas Rangers 11-2 Saturday. The Asian Development Bank (ADB) approved Tuesday to provide 320 million U.S. dollars loan to China for the country to build a new expressway in its poor southwest region.
t1810 The Greek conservative Costis Stephanopoulos was to be elected the country's new president in a parliamentary vote Wednesday night he was widely expected to win easily. A bomb planted by suspected Tamil rebels targeting power lines exploded on the outskirts of the Sri Lankan capital Tuesday, as the military said it killed four rebels in the restive east. Andy Murray admitted on Wednesday that he never found his game after crashing out in his opening match at the Monte Carlo Masters, a 6-2, 6-1 victim of German Philip Kohlschreiber. The pedigree on the No. 5 car at Hendrick Motorsports includes three drivers honored among NASCAR's 50 Greatest, and one cereal box character with a blue nose. Taiwan share prices closed 0.19 percent higher Friday, steadying in line with Wall Street overnight after sharp losses Thursday but with the tone cautious and trade modest, dealers said. United Auto Workers President Ronald Gettelfinger sought Friday to lower expectations of ``transformational'' changes to labor contracts as bargaining with U.S. automakers began. On the heels of the European Union's rejection of General Electric Co.'s proposed $41 billion purchase of Honeywell International Inc., Europe's antitrust chief said EU and U.S. regulators need to work closer to prevent future disagreements over mergers. A good-will delegation of the Communist Party of China (CPC) left here today to visit the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
t5615 European Union foreign ministers on Saturday gave the go-ahead to negotiate a charter governing relations between the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and Russia. A top rebel leader and two other suspected militants were killed in a gunbattle Monday with Indian forces in Indian-controlled Kashmir, police said. Relieved passengers boarded planes as others touched down at last at Paris's two main airports which reopened Tuesday after being shutdown for five days due to volcanic ash. At a time when the Hollywood studios churn out one overscripted, underimagined pseudo-thriller after another, the arrival of a picture called ``Murder by Numbers'' does not inspire much confidence. But perhaps Warner Brothers should be commended for its commitment to truth in advertising, since much of this new Barbet Kyrgyzstan's opposition named a new leadership for the interior ministry Thursday, one of its leaders said at an emergency session of parliament. Portuguese authorities are questioning Kate McCann and her husband, Gerry, in connection with reports that traces of blood or other bodily fluids had been found in a car the couple rented 25 days after Madeleine's disappearance on May 3, a family spokeswoman said. The Anaheim Mighty Ducks have agreed to terms with left wing Timo Parssinen, their fourth-round pick in last month's entry draft. BUCHAREST, November 16 (Xinhua) - Romania's overall consolidated budget in the first nine months of this year ended in a deficit of 16,619.6 billion lei (662.7 million U.S. dollars), Finance Minister Traian Remes said Thursday.
t629 The yen jumped to a record high of 95.22 to the dollar in Tokyo last week on speculative trading but most other currencies in the Asia- Pacific region appeared unaffected by the greenback's troubles. U.S. President George W. Bush, receiving a hero's welcome as the first American president to visit Albania, said Sunday that there cannot be endless dialogue about achieving independence for neighboring Kosovo. The United Nations on Monday warned it may have to shut down aid projects in Pakistan, after receiving only a fifth of the funds requested in an appeal for more than half a billion dollars. Any pop novelist or screenwriter would be proud to claim credit for creating the hero of ``Murder on a Sunday Morning.'' This film centers on Patrick McGuinness, a cocky, hard-driving public defender in Jacksonville, Fla. Real Madrid striker Raul is ready to "sacrifice" his career with the club if it helps the team, currently struggling in the title race and out of Europe. West Nile virus is off to an early start this year with reports of the disease in 25 California counties, prompting health officials to call on the public to take aggressive preventive measures. Shannon Boxx scored in the 86th minute to lift the San Diego Spirit to a 1-1 tie with the New York Power in the WUSA on Saturday night. The Chinese government today called on the country's people in all walks of life to offer suggestions and opinions for formulating the 10th Five-Year Plan ( 2001-2005).
t2903 China and the United States Saturday signed a landmark agreement on the protection of intellectual property rights but failed to resolve their dispute over extending market access and China's entry to the WTO. A man arrested when authorities seized more than two tons of cocaine bound for Africa at a Venezuelan airport claims to be a diplomat and a relative of Congo's president, officials said Wednesday. North Korea marked the anniversary of its late founder's birthday Thursday, following mass promotions for the military top brass and a fireworks display which stressed loyalty to the current ruler. Like many business travelers these days, I am quite pleased with my resourcefulness. Planning a business trip to San Francisco, I went online the other day, certain that I would find an impressively cheap fare. A US soldier was killed and three others wounded when a roadside bomb hit their patrol Sunday in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk, the US military said. At least 13 people were killed Sunday morning when mortar shells rained down on their east Baghdad neighborhood, police said. For a $4,250 donation, people or organizations can pay for a plaque honoring a country music star that will be mounted along with a defibrillator at Nashville International Airport. The Cuban government will transfer to Mozambique the necessary technology to produce an anti- malaria chemical and help the country relieve the source of the deadly disease, said Cuban Ambassador to Mozambique Pedro Gonzalez Friday.
t8117 Chinese dissident Wang Dang, a leader of the 1989 democracy movement, was detained Sunday by police at his home in Beijing, his family said. Satellite images show that Pakistan is building a new nuclear reactor that can produce weapons-grade plutonium, an American watchdog group said Thursday, warning that it could contribute to an atomic arms race with archrival India. Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor and local rights groups strongly condemned on Saturday the damaging of a memorial monument to ethnic Serb civilians killed at the end of the 1991-1995 war. EL SEGUNDO, Calif. - Many of the names have changed, but the stakes remain the same. When the horn blares at the end of the third period tonight, the season will be over for either the Los Angeles Kings or the Colorado Avalanche, and the Kings remember the feeling Church bells tolled and most Roman Catholic schools were closed on Friday as Ireland marked the funeral of Pope John Paul II in Vatican City. Merle Haggard -- the author and singer of countless country classics, from "Mama Tried" to "Workin' Man Blues" -- has long been known as the poet of the common man. Or, as he tells us: "I'm the poor man's Alan Greenspan." Having survived San Quentin, heart surgery, divorce, road A U.S. F-16 fighter jet crashed in southeastern Turkey Wednesday as it was heading toward northern Iraq to patrol a no-fly zone, the U.S. military said. The pilot was rescued. An Iranian newspaper on Tuesday urged the government to make contacts with the ruling Taliban militia in Afghanistan to explore ways to solve border problems, especially rampant drug trafficking.
t1317 An appeal court on Tuesday ordered former communication minister Alain Carignon to stay in jail, where he has been held for nearly five months on corruption charges. Soccer coaching legend Luiz Felipe Scolari on Monday addressed a sports business conference in Israel as part of a visit aimed at bringing Israelis and Palestinians closer together through sports. French car maker PSA Peugeot Citroen refused to comment Tuesday on Chinese press reports that it would form a new joint venture with domestic auto group Changan. When a reader named Maxine requested a recipe for a Blintz Souffle that she lost, more than three dozen readers sent along favorite renditions, noting that they treasure the delicious recipe. The majority of those received were made using prepared frozen store-bought cheese blintzes. However, a handful of readers Lithuania's mint meets the basic requirements for coining euros, the central bank said Thursday, citing the conclusions of a team of European Central Bank officials who visited the mint this week. What appeared to be a straightforward proposal by state Assemblyman Lloyd Levine to neuter California's dogs and cats instead met massive opposition and may have spawned a potentially powerful lobby that now plans to play a significant role fighting for pet owners' rights nationwide. Muslim rebels who seized more than 20 people at a beach resort, including three Americans, reportedly freed two Filipinos hostages, police said Tuesday. Ariel Sharon, leader of Israel's major opposition Likud party, convened his counterparts in other opposition parties in Jerusalem on Thursday, Likud sources announced.
t173 Pope John Paul II on Friday met with the president of the French Bishops' Conference to discuss the case of a controversial bishop whose dismissal by the Vatican caused an uproar in France. Lebanon's army on Saturday pounded al-Qaida-inspired Islamic militants hiding in a Palestinian refugee camp in renewed heavy clashes following a few days of intermittent fighting. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir voted on Sunday in the first multi-party polls of his two-decade rule, but the election was marred by an opposition boycott, fraud allegations and logistical problems. LOS ANGELES - For the basketball fans of Los Angeles, the Final Four doesn't mean as much as the Final Fourteen. That's the final 14 games of the Lakers' regular season, the stretch run that began so auspiciously Sunday with a down-to-the-buzzer victory on the road against Sacramento. South African striker Benni McCarthy admitted on Tuesday that deposed Champions League holders FC Porto had lost out to Inter Milan because of their poor start in the 3-1 defeat in the Champions League first knockout round second leg clash. Readers have reported hearing an odd creaking sound in recent days and have been wondering what it was. After thorough investigation, we have determined that it was the venerable Senate Confirmation Door slowly closing on people wanting top-level jobs in the Bush administration. The Pentagon has concluded the commander of the Marine Corps' V-22 Osprey squadron falsified maintenance records but the deception played no role in two fatal crashes of the tilt-rotor aircraft last year, Defense Department officials said Friday. Leaders from the 25 Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) members continued their discussion of the future process of the conference at a working luncheon hosted by South Korean President Kim Dae-jung Friday following their closed-door morning session.
t7279 The Nigerian military junta has ordered the release of former head of state General Olusegun Obasanjo, who was arrested last week, Information Minister Walter Ofonagoro said Thursday. The London Stock Exchange Group PLC confirmed Wednesday that it was in talks with Milan's Borsa Italiana about a possible merger. The head of the UN's climate change panel defended his organisation Thursday against a new claim that its landmark 2007 report on global warming might have overblown the danger posed to Bangladesh. Dissident director Walter Hewlett testified Wednesday that he sued Hewlett-Packard after getting information that HP's merger plans were in trouble _ although his sources included rumors and a document that apparently turned out to be fake. The French government on Monday kickstarted its campaign for a 'yes' to the European constitution, after a string of recent polls showed that a majority of voters would reject the EU treaty. If you have over-seeded your lawn, replace the blade on your mower. Grass seedlings can be ripped and tugged by a blunt blade. When the seedlings are approximately four inches high, cut the grass with the mower at its highest setting. A suicide attacker set off a bomb at a train station in northern Israel on Monday, killing himself and two Israelis and injuring four other people, police and hospital officials said. Some militant labor groups said Thursday that they are planning to stage a one-week protest action that will begin November 24 and culminate on November 30 to call for the resignation of President Joseph Estrada.
t4002 Ten people were killed and eight were listed as missing in a fierce storm that hit eastern Sicily causing heavy material damage and forcing the evacuation of thousands of residents, officials said here Tuesday. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 17,971.49 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Friday, up 129.20 points, or 0.72 percent, from Thursday. Buddhist monks rushed to cremate hundreds of China quake victims over sanitation fears Saturday as hopes dimmed of finding further survivors among the more than 400 still listed as missing. What started as a debate among friends eating curry at a restaurant a few blocks from MIT has grown into an informal think tank bent on no less than reshaping higher education in Pakistan. And, this weekend, the alliance of Pakistani intellectuals who have come to call themselves ``The A federal judge in Tampa, Florida, has rejected a bid to reinsert the feeding tube keeping brain-damaged, 41-year-old Terry Schiavo alive, local media reported Tuesday. A Washington Post about former defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld's resignation letter should have said that the Reuters news agency, which broke the story about the letter, had sought the document under the Freedom of Information Act. The American pilot of a plane that fell into the sea off Russia's Far East struggled for 15 hours to keep afloat in a life raft with his three Japanese passengers before hearing the sounds of the ship that rescued them Monday. Vietnam decided to launch a month-long campaign of information about preventing HIV/AIDS, beginning November 15, 2000, in response to World AIDS Day December 1, Vietnam News Agency reported Wednesday.
t9723 The parliament-in-exile set up by Turkey's separatist Kurds will have its inaugural session at a still-secret location next month, officials organising the event said here Thursday. Asian business and government leaders Monday accused rich countries of hypocrisy, saying they run polluting industries with cheap labor in China and then blame the country for worsening global warming and climate change. Risk averse investors in Asia shrugged off upbeat earnings reports and stronger- than-expected economic growth in South Korea to take profits after the previous day's strong gains. Roger V. Gould, an influential sociologist who sought explanations for social upheavals large and small in the subtle texture of interpersonal relationships, died on Monday at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City. He was 39 and made his home in New Haven. The Russian Space Agency and European rocket launch company Arianespace signed a deal Monday to build a launch complex for Russian rockets at the Kourou site in French Guiana. Opening in Hollywood FRIDAY "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" -- Veteran filmmaker Sidney Lumet ("Dog Day Afternoon") directs this heist caper about two brothers planning to rob their parents' jewelry store. With Philip Seymour Hoffman, Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei, Albert Finney and Rosemary Harris. Written by Kelly Masterson. Hillary Rodham Clinton's political action committee raised $662,325 in its first six months, catapulting the freshman senator into the top tier of fund-raisers in the U.S. Senate. A six-member Cameroonian delegation, headed by Minister of Higher Education Jean-Marie, recently awarded the Cameroonian President Medals to four Chinese professors from Zhejiang University on behalf of the Cameroonian president.
t7212 The dollar fell to a record low price against the yen and European foreign exchange markets were drawn back into instability by the weakness of the dollar and a political crisis in Belgium, early on Thursday. Bayer CropScience AG, a division of Germany-based Bayer AG, and seed company Monsanto Co. on Wednesday said they reached long-term business and licensing agreements on agricultural technologies. US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived here Thursday for talks with her NATO counterparts about the alliance's role in nuclear defence and ways to drum up more trainers for the Afghan army. Several dozen Palestinians have been evicted from homes in East Jerusalem after losing a legal battle against Israeli rightists working to settle Jews in Arab neighborhoods in the area. Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf hailed his country's cricket team's spectacular 168-run victory against rivals India on Monday, saying that the nation was proud of their achievement. The talks between the two leaders took place during the ongoing meeting of the U.N. General Assembly and came as the government in Baghdad prepared legislation that would strip local and foreign security companies of immunity from prosecution. European stock markets closed down Monday, as investors apparently held back waiting for the release of key economic and corporate news later in the week. According to the preliminary findings of the Directorate General of Anti-dumping and Allied duties "aniline originating or exported from EU has been exported to India below normal value, resulting in dumping."
t7322 Two people were killed and four others wounded when heavily armed Somali National Alliance (SNA) militia tried to disperse a newly- established market for looted goods from Mogadishu airport. The New York Times Co. plans to raise the cover price and home-delivery rates for the newspaper next month, Janet Robinson, the company's chief executive, told an investor conference Wednesday. The New Zealand Rugby Union Thursday announced record losses due partly to the costs of hosting next year's World Cup and the impact of the global recession. In a day punctuated by exchanges of gunfire and the evacuation of a small number of Palestinian men at the Church of the Nativity, Palestinian and Israeli negotiators failed to reach terms to end a three-week-long siege but agreed to interim steps toward a settlement. A US run tsunami alert center urged the evacuation of coastal zones around the latest major earthquake to hit off the coast of Indonesia which was worst hit by the December tsunami disaster. In a nod to the rapidly changing entertainment landscape, Nielsen Media Research said Wednesday it would triple the size of its TV ratings sample audience by 2011 to provide more accurate measurement. Sales, 4 p.m. price and net change of the 15 most active New York Stock Exchange issues, trading nationally at more than $1. Ethiopia has started to renovate the last section of a highway leading to neighboring Sudan, the Ethiopian Roads Authority (ERA) announced Wednesday.
t1751 French Premier and presidential candidate Edouard Balladur confirmed on Wednesday that he had made capital gains of 2,456,150 francs (about 491,000 dollars) when he sold off shares before becoming premier nearly two years ago. Etihad Airways announced Tuesday that it will start flying three times a week to Singapore from Abu Dhabi to cater to the growing demand for air travel between the two states. Travel reservations group Amadeus said Wednesday it hoped to raise 1.3 billion euros in an intial public offering in what would be the largest stock flotation in Europe since the start of the global financial crisis. Tom Ridge, the homeland security director, said Wednesday that he would brief two House committees in coming days, in an effort to strike a balance between the White House's refusal to have him testify before Congress and lawmakers' insistence on questioning him. US public support for the Iraq war has declined steadily in the two years since the US military marched into Baghdad, but few Americans want to pull out troops any time soon. The Bush administration and U.S. military officials predicted Thursday that a key September report would show progress in Iraq, but that it would be November before they could judge the success of the troop buildup. Europe vetoed General Electric Co.'s $41 billion purchase of Honeywell International Inc. on Tuesday, though GE chairman Jack Welch left open the possibility of an appeal, calling the rejection a ``setback.'' The first four in a series of books, entitled "A Study on the Modernization of Commonwealth Countries", were published recently. This is the first time that Chinese scholars have thoroughly researched the process of modernization in the 50 Commonwealth countries.
t9836 Chemical group W.R. Grace acknowledged Thursday that its chief executive officer who left at the beginnning of the month resigned due to sexual harassment charges several employees had brought. In a new video, kidnapped British journalist Alan Johnston appears with what he says are explosives strapped to his body and warns that his captors intend to set them off if rescuers attempt to free him by force. Inter Milan reached the Champions League final on Wednesday, beating Barcelona 3-2 on aggregate in their semi-final despite losing the second leg 1-0. ``God created Eden, the perfect world,'' said Joe Gibbs at lunch last week. ``But he loved us so much that he gave us free will. And, of course, we went out and sinned. But he forgave us.'' A sergeant who deserted from the Serbia-Montenegro army says top Bosnian Serb fugitive Ratko Mladic was hiding at an army barracks in Belgrade in 2004, the daily newspaper Danas reported here on Monday. Suddenly it's raining African American drug lords. Marc Levin's documentary "Mr. Untouchable" beats Ridley Scott's "American Gangster" into the theaters by only a few weeks and probably means to capitalize on the stir caused by the bigger, star-driven Scott film. Gary McCord and Dana Quigley shot 7-under 65s Friday to share the first-round lead in the SBC Senior Open, while Bruce Lietzke struggled to a 74 in his senior debut. The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 234.34 at 10,664. 38 points. The blue chip index rose 338.62 points in the previous session.
t3197 Prices are set to crash on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) in the wake of an imminent defeat of India's ruling Congress (I) party in crucial elections, analysts said Sunday. The long-awaited transfer of disputed North Korean funds frozen in a Macau bank could start as early as Thursday, according to media reports, signaling a breakthrough in a dispute that has held up Pyongyang's pledge to shut down its nuclear reactor. Travellers in Europe can expect a third day of cancelled flights Saturday, the intergovernmental Eurocontrol agency warned, as a volcanic cloud from Iceland kept planes on the ground. A Manhattan lawyer and three men were indicted Tuesday on charges of providing material support to the Islamic Group, a terrorist organization led by the blind Egyptian cleric who is serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Monday warned North Korea Washington is considering "other options" against the Stalinist regime if it fails to return to talks on its nuclear program. Melville Shavelson, a comedy writer, producer and director who worked with stars such as Cary Grant, Bob Hope and Lucille Ball and garnered two Academy Award nominations for his original screenplays, died Wednesday. He was 90. Fall out for formation at 6 a.m. No excuses. Layer up. Get your running shoes and rain gear. No excuses. Alphas up front, Charlies in the back. Now run. Sri Lankan government forces killed a total of 62 Tamil Tiger rebels in two major attacks by the air force and navy in the northeast of the country in the past three days, a military spokesman has confirmed.
t9556 Former skipper Salim Malik has been dropped from a 14-member Pakistan squad announced Thursday for the four-nation Asia Cup cricket tournament in Sharjah next month. Eighth-seeded Andy Murray pulled out of Wimbledon with a right wrist injury Sunday, dealing a blow to British fans who considered him their best chance for a strong showing from a local player. Birmingham defender Stephen Carr is under police investigation after allegations he made gestures towards Aston Villa fans at the end of Sunday's 1-0 defeat at Villa Park. It's a unique public health conundrum,and a stark reminder of how difficult it is to eliminate even the most mundane diseases. As more countries start to vaccinate against chickenpox, they will unwittingly encourage the spread of shingles, which mainly afflicts older people. Spain's Juan Carlos Ferrero got the Monte Carlo Masters rolling Monday when the former French Open champion beat Ivo Karlovic of Croatia 6-4, 6-1 after a rain delay. They are, however, reviewing whether the plan might interfere with federal enforcement of immigration laws, department spokesman William Knocke said. With Juan Antonio Samaranch still hospitalized, newly elected Jacques Rogge on Friday officially took over as president of the International Olympic Committee. Holcomb passed away in peace when his daughter Leona Ford was in company at bedside, according to Brent Busby of the Carnegie Nursing Home, 140 kilometers southwest of Oklahoma City.
t6840 A top Kuwaiti official urged France to rethink its support for suspending sanctions against Iraq, saying Baghdad was still defying the world over Kuwaiti prisoners held since the Gulf War. Citing falling crime rates, the Police Commission on Tuesday gave Chief William Bratton a second five-year term as top cop in America's second-largest city. The euro sank on Thursday to its lowest point against the dollar in almost one year as the Greek fiscal crisis deepened after the country was hit by a new debt rating downgrade. Lisa Diane Bourne, Tjada P. D'Oyen, Sitella A. Glenn and Panya Lei Yarber say that AOL Time Warner, the world's biggest media company, should focus not on integrating its far-flung divisions but rather on running them more or less separately. Do they know something that Richard D. Parsons does Former Guinea-Bissau president Kumba Yala, ousted in a bloodless military coup in September 2003, has been selected as his party's candidate for a presidential election on June 19. Fitch Ratings, the credit rating agency that has reviewed American Home Mortgage's bonds as "subprime transactions," this week downgraded $1.2 billion in securities related to loans issued by American Home and other subprime lenders. Mika Hakkinen finally became the topic of something other than retirement speculation when he won the British Grand Prix on Sunday. China's online computers have grown from 540,000 in 1998 to 6.5 million in 2000, with domains under .cn reaching 546,000 as of September 2000, said Chairman of Chinaproducts.com Mo Daoming in New York Tuesday.
t4214 The dollar was slightly lower against the yen early Wednesday in Tokyo, trading at 90.72-75 yen at 9 a.m. (2400 GMT Tuesday), against 90.86-89 yen here late Tuesday. The Division Six playoff between Turkey and Iceland at the Sudiram Cup world mixed team badminton championships was abandoned Friday after only one Turkish player showed up. Chess champion Viswanathan Anand has asked for a delay in the world final starting this week because he has been held up at a German airport by the European airspace shutdown, organisers said Sunday. As the careers of dot-com executives have crashed to earth over the last two years, one man's star has risen. That man is ``Pud.'' Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev refused Tuesday to resign and annul the results of a disputed parliamentary election, saying that talks were the only way out of the crisis. Drop by a high school cafeteria at lunchtime some day and listen to the girls' conversations. One may be commiserating with another over how much schoolwork they have. A couple of others might be fretting over how tired they are from lacrosse practice and that they're never going to Ousted President Joseph Estrada was arraigned Tuesday on the capital offense of economic plunder inside the imposing courthouse he once called a symbol of his tough campaign against corruption. Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben-Ami cancelled his meeting Thursday with United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Mary Robinson in response to her cancellation of meetings with Israel's right-wing opposition Likud party leaders, according to the Foreign Ministry.
t655 The Zulu nationalist Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) decided Sunday to end its boycott of parliament, but threatened to throw South Africa's constitution-writing process into chaos. A newspaper reported Sunday that a British company was closed after being caught in an apparent attempt to sell black-market weapons-grade uranium to Iran and Sudan. Four civilians were killed when NATO troops fired on a bus in Afghanistan on Monday, sparking furious protests and an expression of regret from the military alliance. It was February 1999, and after 10 years of work in the communications industry, Kimberly Smith was about to realize her dream. A single mother with an infant son, Smith had amassed $1.1 million in savings and in stock options on WorldCom shares that she had received as an A rare Crusader coin dating from the mid-13th century has been excavated by archaeologists digging up a flea market in the suburbs of Tel Aviv, the Israeli Antiquities Authority (IAA) said Wednesday. The first television advertisement in the United States, for Bulova Watch Co., premiered before a baseball game in 1941. It lasted 20 seconds. A rented van speeding at 80 mph careened off a rural road into a ditch, killing three Dutch marines, authorities said Saturday. Defending champion Magnus Norman of Sweden Monday defeated the seventh seed Sjeng Schalken of the Netherlands 6-4, 4-6, 6-3 in the rain-disrupted Shanghai Open tennis final.
t1438 The dollar opened on the slide against major currencies except sterling Tuesday in brisk trading but a technical correction helped it to level off a bit. The 15-year-old girl whose marathon case of hiccups brought her worldwide attention earlier this year has apparently run away from home, police said Monday. High oil prices could stall economic recovery in some top economies, the International Energy Agency warned on Tuesday when it upgraded its forecast for global oil demand this year. U.S. Army Special Operations soldiers based here say they have formed a close relationship in recent months with Ismail Khan, the powerful governor in western Afghanistan who U.S. officials fear is being courted by Iranian hard-liners. The introduction of the Twenty20 tournament into Kenyan cricket has helped bring together dissenting players ahead of the crucial decision on the country's future at this week's International Cricket Council Board meeting in India, officials said on Thursday. The enormity of what happened in London and Glasgow, Scotland, dawned upon me slowly. First there were the two high-end cars filled with explosive materials, parked in the middle of London, that, mercifully, did not explode. Next, the bizarre report of two people in a burning SUV trying to An 8-year-old boy who contracted hepatitis A and needed a liver transplant after eating at a Subway sandwich outlet won a $10 million settlement. The police in the port city of Shantou in south China's Guangdong Province uncovered 266 smuggling cases in the first nine months of the year, up 41 percent over the same period last year.
t311 President Bill Clinton expressed confidence in Mexico's president on Friday, saying that the country was moving in the right direction. Justine Henin sat in her chair during a changeover, opened an envelope and pulled out a note bearing the word "Allez" -- French for "Let's go." US President Barack Obama offered condolences to Poland Saturday, mourning the "devastating" death of President Lech Kaczynski and dozens of other top officials in a fiery plane crash. From soon after sunrise Thursday, Mohammed Siddiq was at work in the ruins of his home, using his weak left arm to wield a pick, and then a shovel, amid the pile of mud bricks that had been his living room. His right arm was in a sling. His Australia is heading for an economic slowdown in the second half of 2005, according to an economic indicator released Wednesday. Prominent film director Michael Apted was elected for a third term Saturday as president of the Directors Guild of America. Former President Jimmy Carter urged sharply divided Baptists on Friday to ``find a common theme as partners'' eight months after leaving the denomination's conservative wing. Cheerleader, this is one role the Australian Prime Minister John Howard played at the Sydney Paralympics judo gym on Saturday.
t4111 Russia's Larissa Lazutina continued her domination of the women's cross-crountry skiing at the Nordic World championships Tuesday with her third gold medal of the championships. The Croatian government decided Friday to sell 20-23 percent of shares in the Croatian telecommunications company -- controlled by Deutsche Telecom -- on the stock market. American Ryan Hunter-Reay won the IndyCar Grand Prix of Long Beach on Sunday, taking only his second victory in the series in dominating fashion. A common image of midlife baby boomers is that of a vain, selfish generation that worships youth and spends more money on its cars than its parents did on their houses. Prosecutors probing the country's 1989 anti-communist uprising on Tuesday for the first time questioned former Romanian president Ion Iliescu on his role in the disturbances that led to his coming to power. Do not think of Brad Hutchins' new store, the Kilted Nation, as a novelty shop, but rather as a vision of America without pants. The Denver Nuggets' search for a general manager intensified Monday as three candidates with NBA management experience interviewed for the position. In a report issued here Wednesday on humanitarian relief for Somalia, Annan said that some 750,000 Somalis are highly vulnerable due to the lengthy drought in the Horn of Africa.
t2827 Syria on Saturday accused the United States of failing the Arabs in its role as a co-sponsor of the peace process ahead of a new visit by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher. An escaped inmate once accused of plotting to kidnap talk-show host David Letterman's son was recaptured Wednesday, but a man who fled a prison farm with him was still on the loose, authorities said. The Hamas rulers of Gaza have executed two Palestinians convicted of collaborating with Israel despite objections from human rights groups, hospital and other sources said on Thursday. In his youth, your leering great-grandfather dated a chorus girl. Your grandfather, his leer slightly modified in the 1930s, dated a chorine. And what did your father call the dancer he dated, after both chorus girl and chorine gained a ditzy or lascivious connotation? The Taliban insurgency will be "fractured" by an Afghan government amnesty offer to allow fighters to lay down their guns and rejoin the political process, the top commander of US troops in the country said Sunday. A White House summit on climate change in September began to take shape Friday with the announcement that invitations had been extended to such key developing countries as India and China as well as industrialized countries. The nation's unemployment rate rose to 4.5 percent in June as manufacturers continued to suffer heavy job losses and demand for workers in service industries fell to the lowest level in 10 months. The South Korean and U.S. troops are still in a joint search for a South Korean F-5E fighter missing during the Foal Eagle joint military exercise in the East Sea, local media reported.
t924 Elf Aquitaine and The Willimas Companies Inc. agreed on Sunday to sell all of Texasgulf Inc. to the Canadian company Potash Corp. for 810 million dollars, Elf said on Monday. Two passionate works -- "Spring Awakening," a pounding, post-rock musical of teenage sexual anxiety, and "The Coast of Utopia," Tom Stoppard's sweeping examination of 19th century Russian intellectuals -- dominated the 2007 Tony Awards for theater. Relatives of the 96 people killed in the Polish presidential air disaster arrived in Moscow late Sunday but many of the bodies are so badly damaged that DNA tests will be needed to put a name to them, officials said. Speculation is growing that Coca-Cola is preparing to introduce a vanilla-flavored version of Coca-Cola Classic, the world's best-selling soft drink. A California judge Wednesday sentenced a young salesman to death for murdering his pregnant wife and their unborn child following one of the most publicised trials in US history. With his presidential campaign in a state of near-collapse, Sen. John McCain accepted the resignation of two top advisers Tuesday, then quickly named a new campaign manager in a bid to put his candidacy for the Republican nomination back on course. A day after one of its military installations in Lebanon was destroyed by Israeli missiles, Syria on Monday accused Israel of wanting war. Fujian, a booming province in east China, achieved 250.88 billion yuan in gross domestic product during the first three quarters of the year, a year-on-year increase of 9.4 percent, according to official statistics released today.
t4530 Premiership footballers Bruce Grobbelaar, Hans Segers, John Fashanu, and a Malaysian businessman Heng Suan Lim were all released on bail pending further enquiries by Hampshire police on Wednesday. Colombia is set to become the first Latin American country to give established gay couples full rights to health insurance, inheritance and social security under a bill passed by its Congress. India's central bank is set to hike interest rates this week for a second time in just under a month in an attempt to check near double-digit inflation, analysts say. Thousands of people jammed beneath and around a big white tent in suburban Boca Raton Sunday in a show of solidarity with Israel. Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra Wednesday unveiled a comprehensive new set of policies which he said will transform Thailand into a richer and more peaceful nation in his second term. A 72-year-old former crop-duster was sentenced Friday in Jackson, Miss., to three life terms in prison for his role in the 1964 killings of two black teenagers. Sean ``Puffy'' Combs won't mind if critics say his latest album is raw, unpolished and without any real theme. That's the way he planned it. Bahraini Emir Sheikh Hamad Bin Isa al-Khalifa Saturday met in Manama, capital of Bahrain, with visiting U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan on the latest developments in the Middle East peace process, the official GNA news agency reported.
t7954 The US defence department said the United States has received orders for nearly one billion dollars worth of arms from foreign governments. The U.S. military on Thursday announced the deaths of 14 American troops, including five killed in a single roadside bombing and one whose vehicle was struck by a rocket-propelled grenade. St Helens' Australian coach Mick Potter was a happy man after his side overwhelmed reigning champions Leeds 41-20 in the Super League on Saturday. It's well past midnight and Coretta Scott King is wide awake. The widow of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. is on the phone talking to a reporter about her 75th birthday. The geological faultline off the coast of Indonesia responsible for the December 26 tsunami and last month's 8.7 magnitude quake unleashed a further tremor on Friday, but there were no casualties. Former President Clinton has emerged as a clear asset in his wife's campaign for the White House, with Americans offering high ratings to his eight years in office and a solid majority saying they would be comfortable with him as first spouse, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News Chris Webber is having second thoughts about returning to the Sacramento Kings, his agent said Tuesday just hours before the NBA's 2 1/2-week moratorium on free agent signings was to expire. Share prices in the Philippine Stock Exchange ended lower Monday amid lingering concerns over the country's domestic and political woes.
t8838 The British company Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation (P and O), the biggest cross-Channel ferry operator, reported a sharp fall in profits but played down the impact of the Channel Tunnel on Tuesday. Brazil's foreign minister said in an interview published Friday that trade conditions pushed by developed nations would have betrayed the interests of developing nations. OPEC said on Monday that uncertainty over oil demand and global economic recovery, along with price volatility, pose a major threat to the oil market and the cartel's output plans. Reggie Swinton is at his worst when he's alone. That's when he can't help but think of the Bell's palsy that has paralyzed the right side of his face. Kiki Musampa's last-minute goal gave Stuart Pearce his first win as Manchester City manager in a 1-0 defeat of Liverpool at Eastlands here Saturday. The Chinese Communist Party announced Sunday that President Hu Jintao's major political innovation, which he calls "scientific development," will be enshrined in the party charter as a historical contribution to Marxist ideology. The Baltimore Orioles were forced to postpone Thursday's first game of a day-night doubleheader against the Texas Rangers because of a train derailment near Camden Yards. The Tel Aviv District Court sentenced on Friday Shimon Sheves, former director-general of the Prime Minister's Office of late Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, to two years in prison for his role in an international arms-related deal.
t834 Wolfgang Hoppe drove Germany to victory over USA-1 by 15-hundredths of a second here Sunday to win a 25,000-dollar two-man bobsled invitational event. Below is a list of feature stories that The Associated Press plans to move in the coming week. Questions about the stories may be addressed to the North America Desk supervisor in New York at 212-621-1650 (fax 212-621-5449 or e-mail amidesk@ap.org) or to individual bureaus in your country or Swiss banking giant UBS said Monday that it expects its first quarter pre-tax profit to reach at least 2.5 billion francs (2.36 billion dollars, 1.73 billion euros) after having already returned to profit in the previous quarter. NHL.com and SportingNews.com have teamed up to launch Playoff Bench Boss, an online fantasy hockey tournament that will begin April 17, the start of the NHL Stanley Cup playoffs, and run through the conclusion of the Finals. The object of the game is to earn NHL.com points through creative Iran's President Mohammad Khatami asserted Wednesday that no incentives would be enough to convince the Islamic repube are in no way seeking atomic weapons because it is contrary to our beliefs," he insisted. This isn't one of those stories about human hardship or adversity, or some guy's lonely quest for glory. It's not about sports heroes or goats, either, or those unexpected magical moments that Oprah or Dr. Phil tells us about -- that can turn a humdrum life into an extraordinary Background checks blocked 153,000 of the nearly 7.7 million prospective sales of guns last year, and fewer people tried to buy firearms in 2000 than in 1999, the Justice Department reported Sunday. Mongolian Minister of Nature and Environment Ulambayaryn Barsbold said Tuesday that the Mongolian government will take more measures to restore the environment in 2001.
t6398 South Korea on Tuesday signalled it was backing out of a bruising battle for the leadership of the World Trade Organization (WTO), succumbing to US and European pressure and settling for number-two slot. International Lease Finance Corp., the world's largest airline leasing company, announced an order for 63 Boeing Co. jets, including 50 of the planemaker's flagship 787 Dreamliners on Tuesday. South Korean police said Wednesday they had tightened security for a high- ranking North Korean defector after authorities arrested two alleged spies from the North for plotting to assassinate him. Rankings reflect sales figures for the week ending April 13 at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other retailers, statistically weighted to represent sales in all such outlets nationwide. The number of titles within the two subdivisions of nonfiction can change from week to week, reflecting changes in Hopes began to fade Saturday for Monaco's 81-year-old ruler Prince Rainier, as the palace said his condition was still deteriorating despite intensive care, with his heart, lungs and kidneys all failing. Appearing Sunday at a mini-Democratic convention of sorts in a field, Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton declared that if she is elected she will not wait until her inauguration to begin acting as president. David Cone made a triumphant return to Shea Stadium, winning in his first start in nine years at his former home, as the Boston Red Sox beat the New York Mets 3-1 Friday night. Scanio said at a food fair in the northern city of Parma that his ministry was busy preparing a television campaign which would inform consumers about bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or mad cow, and a new meat-labeling system.
t8960 Turkish troops have killed 97 Turkish Kurdish separatists in the last 24 hours in northern Iraq, mainly around a rebel base in Hakurk, a military spokesman said Tuesday. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas authorized a review of all private organizations in the Palestinian areas, signaling he may shut down Hamas-affiliated groups to counter the Islamic movement after it took over the Gaza Strip. Maruti Suzuki, India's biggest car firm, reported a 170 percent jump in quarterly net profit Monday, as the vehicle market roared ahead, helped by cheap loans and government stimulus steps. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. An acute labour crunch threatening Malaysia's economy after the government expelled hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants highlights a failure to plan for long-term manpower needs, analysts and industry experts say. The Turkish government asked parliament Monday for a one-year authorization to conduct military operations in northern Iraq to attack Kurdish separatist guerrillas, but senior government officials attempted to play down the prospects of an immediate attack. Grain and soybean futures prices were mixed Thursday in early dealings on the Chicago Board of Trade as investors pondered the unclear impact of changing weather in the Midwest. JOHANNESBURG, December 2 (Xinhua) -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela on Saturday urged fellow countrymen to rally behind the ruling African National Congress (ANC) in building up the country.
t9684 A British citizen who tried to negotiate the safe passage of an aid convoy to Croatia's Bihac enclave is being held by separatist Serbs, officials of the United Nations Protection Force said Thursday. Democratic senators chided Vice President Dick Cheney for declaring his office exempt from sections of a presidential order involving matters of national security. Republicans, more cautiously, said the matter deserves review. Dissident Tunisian journalist Taoufik Ben Brik was freed Tuesday after six months in jail for assault following a trial which he said was politically motivated, his wife Azza Zarad told AFP. If you want to take on an unforgiving, and ultimately undoable task, try challenging Lawrence B. MacGregor Serven's heartfelt belief that office politics are not _ that's right, not _ an endemic part of human nature. India and China on Monday agreed to broaden defence and anti-terrorism ties to restore trust between the two militaries which fought a brief border war in 1962. Firestorms raged across Southern California on an epic scale for a third day Tuesday, with flames as high as 100 feet stoked by extremes of wind, heat, dryness and -- on the suburban frontier where some of the worst blazes roared -- the human impulse to live just a Until Chandra Levy disappeared without a trace, Rep. Gary Condit's personal life was never a liability. In fact, it was a gold-plated political asset. Tian Tian and Mei Xiang, two giant pandas from southwest China's Sichuan Province, were put on FedEx's "Panda One" plane Wednesday, leaving for Washington D.C., their home for the next 10 years.
t1269 A compromise is in sight to end a 10-day-old pay strike by German metal workers, a union spokesman said Tuesday after almost 20 hours of talks between the industry and the powerful IG-Metall union. An Italian senator offered his resignation Monday after being criticized for using an ambulance as a taxi, news reports said. The incident occurred Saturday, when traffic was barred in much of central Rome for the visit of U.S. President George W. Bush. Gabon's main oil workers union on Tuesday gave the people 24 hours to stock up on petroleum products prior to the launch of a strike that it said "could be long" and will have "disagreeable consequences." In a discovery that could provide new perspective on how insects evolved and interact, a German entomologist has identified a new order of insects _ the first finding of its kind in 87 years. Manchester United's Portuguese striker Cristiano Ronaldo is already among the ten best footballers in the world and with more experience will become the globe's top player, his manager Sir Alex Ferguson has said. When it comes to airline headaches, the realization that the guy next to you paid a lot less for his seat is right up there with annoyances like missed connections and lost luggage. Best Buy Inc. has agreed to pay $5.4 million to resolve an overtime pay dispute involving about 70,000 current and former employees, the U.S. Department of Labor said Monday. Zimbabwean parliament Thursday adopted a motion submitted by parliamentarians of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), which requests to set up a committee to look into the suitability of impeaching President Robert Mugabe.
t7107 Opposition Labour leader Tony Blair is reaching all-time high levels of popularity as his party maintains a 32 percent lead over the ruling Conservatives, according to a MORI poll in Thursday's Times. Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that there are legitimate concerns about the level of tax paid by private equity companies and their executives, which the government is studying. Recriminations flew after Europe's aerial lockdown ended as a budget airline was forced into a U-turn on compensation for passengers Thursday and the industry demanded governments share the bill. Gilman Louie is one of the most successful computer-game developers of all time. An amateur fighter pilot, Louie had his first big success in 1987 with a game called Falcon, which allowed players to simulate the flight of an F-16. Sony Computer Entertainment (SCE) said Monday it has been fined 90 million dollars and ordered to halt sales of its blockbuster PlayStation consoles in the United States due to an alleged patent infringement. The Bush administration has conducted a concerted, behind-the-scenes lobbying campaign to try to generate opposition to California's request to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from cars and trucks, according to documents obtained by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. SunTrust Banks Inc. said Monday it won't increase its $14.6 billion offer for Wachovia Corp., hoping to assure investors that it will not spend extravagantly to win the hotly contested bank. The white paper says that China attaches great importance to space cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region as well as multilateral cooperation in the field.
t6824 The cash-strapped Credit Lyonnais bank, which is caught in a controversial rescue, plans to shed about 2,000 jobs this year in addition to about 1,500 jobs shed in the last 12 months, bank president Jean Peyrelevade said on Wednesday. A U.S. Army staff sergeant killed in an explosion in Iraq was buried in his hometown in the Philippines on Wednesday, the second Filipino-American soldier to die in combat in a week, the American Embassy said. Barack Obama railed at unfettered corporate greed Thursday as he laced a defining pitch for US financial reform with stark warnings of future economic meltdowns if the bid fails. Remember when you were young and your mom scolded you when you made a funny face? Don't do that, she probably said, your face will freeze that way. The embattled Greek Orthodox patriarch of Jerusalem allegedly offered 400,000 dollars (300,000 euros) to a convicted drug dealer in order to secure his election in 2001, a Greek newspaper reported Sunday. A federal appeals court on Thursday dealt a substantial blow to Columbia chemical maker W.R. Grace, reviving conspiracy and environmental charges against the company for operating an asbestos-laden mine. The leaders of India and Pakistan held ``frank and constructive'' talks about nuclear safeguards, the fighting in Kashmir and freer trade during their first formal talks in two years Sunday. They also agreed to meet again soon. Tunisian President Zine al- Abidine Ben Ali met with Chinese Defense Minister Chi Haotian and his high-level military delegation on Tuesday.
t2426 North Korea on Friday again angrily refused to accept South Korean reactors in place of its suspect nuclear facilities and warned that its October 21 nuclear agreement with Washington could collapse. The House of Lords on Wednesday rejected claims by families of five people killed in Iraq that European human rights law applied to the conduct of British troops in the country. The death toll from a strong earthquake in northwest China has risen to 760, with another 243 still missing, state media reported on Friday. With every pratfall from January through March, after every night when the concentration waned and the intensity drooped, the Lakers have hummed the same self-soothing mantra: The regular season doesn't matter. Newcastle United's continuing run in the UEFA Cup could help persuade striker Alan Shearer to extend his career, club officials hope. There are two points I'd like to make in this week's column. They are seemingly unrelated, but they share a common thread -- the American public's confused, often gimmick-laden and accusatory approach to dealing with looming energy problems. Representatives from 34 nations approved the basics Thursday of a system for tracking diamonds from the mine to the display case, which should help stifle the illicit trade in ``blood diamonds'' from Africa. "Successive governments have failed to deal with our obligation to these people. ...I hope very much we will be able to do something for them," Blair told parliament.
t6395 Close of play scoreboard on the fourth day of the second Test between New Zealand and Sri Lanka here Tuesday. Twelve trucks carrying food and medical supplies from the U.N. World Food Program rolled into the Gaza Strip on Tuesday -- the first time goods have been shipped from Israel into the coastal strip since Islamic militants seized control there late last week. Russia confirmed Wednesday it plans to buy a Mistral-class French warship, a controversial deal that has alarmed Russia's neigbours and is Moscow's biggest purchase of foreign military hardware in decades. Pope John Paul II was carried to the altar on a gilded throne to celebrate Mass on Sunday, and permeating the grandeur of St. Peter's Basilica was the distinct Vatican air of wealth and power. China was silent Saturday on the size of a massive demonstration against its anti-secession law in Taiwan, with official media preferring to focus on the nuisance caused by the "political carnival". But if you do, it would be wise to pause and reflect, to consider whether your characters, subject matter, perhaps even genre, are up to the task. Chuck Smith pitched seven shutout innings and Alex Gonzalez homered twice to help the Florida Marlins beat the New York Yankees 11-1 Friday night before a crowd of 44,313, the largest in three seasons at Pro Player Stadium. South African President Thabo Mbeki Sunday called on political parties his country to " openly and honestly" address the issue of racism, which is increasingly polarizing the society.
t2208 The Paris Appeals Court on Thursday upheld a decision issued last July 6 by the Court of High Instance of Paris making a New York court's judgement against businessman Maurice Bidermann enforceable in France. South Korean superstar Rain has postponed this month's performances in the U.S., which were scheduled to start Friday in Hawaii, because of a legal challenge over the singer's right to use his stage name. A strong earthquake hit northwest China's remote Qinghai province early Wednesday, killing at least one person and leaving "many others" buried under debris, state media said. The sun was out, the air was dry, there hadn't been a suicide bombing since Monday, and Israelis, beguiled by it all, streamed from their homes Friday to fill sidewalks, parks and shopping centers. A Group of Eight (G8) ministerial meeting wrapped up on Friday with the promise of action on illegal forestry and help for African countries likely to bear the brunt of climate change. In a reaction to a case that has inflamed the debate over illegal immigration, the House has taken the unusual step of trying to free two former Border Patrol agents imprisoned for shooting a fleeing drug smuggler. Curt Ebitz served in the Army for 28 years and did two combat tours in Vietnam. Now he has enlisted in a fight against voter apathy among young people. A spokesman for the British Mission to the United Nations said that a British brigadier would be appointed chief of staff of the U.N. Mission in Sierra Leone, known as UNAMSIL.
t4661 A rocket attack blamed on the shadowy November 17 group blasted the Athens headquarters of a private television station Wednesday, causing widespread damage but miraculously no casualties, police said. A restaurant trade group asked a court to outlaw a new city regulation that would require some eateries to list calorie counts on their menu boards right next to the price. Two Republican senators proposed Monday sending 3,000 more US National Guard soldiers to quell violence spilling over the border between their home state of Arizona and Mexico. While few people would consider their landscape plants a product of fad or fashion, there can be no denying that garden design, like most artistic pursuits, is influenced by current trends. Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi indicated Wednesday he would hold off on economic sanctions against North Korea, voicing hope Pyongyang would return to dialogue including talks on its nuclear program. Ralph Waldo Emerson is reputed to have said that if a man makes a better mousetrap "though he build his house in the woods, the world will make a beaten path to his door." Turks and Armenians, who have had often bitter relations over the past century, struggled to find common ground at a meeting Tuesday between influential members of the two communities. The second-ranked American won the first set with ease by serving five aces before she double-faulted four times in the second set against the 12th-ranked African woman whom she won eight of the first 11 meetings.
t1444 General Motors Europe increased net profits in 1994 by 43 percent from the figure for 1993 to 858 million dollars, company president L.H. Hughes said on Tuesday. Formula One driver Robert Kubica was released from the hospital Monday, one day after a frightening crash at the Canadian Grand Prix left him with a slight concussion and sprained ankle. The US ambassador to Australia has joined criticism of the country's plan to filter the Internet, saying there are better ways to police child porn and extremism. ``What are we here about? Ronald McDonald?'' Rep. James A. Traficant Jr. bellowed in another of his now patented courtroom rages, eight weeks into serving as his own lawyer at his trial on racketeering and corruption charges. Struggling toy retailer Toys "R" Us said Thursday it agreed to a 6.6 billion dollar buyout from an investor group headed by Bain Capital and Kohlberg, Kravis, Roberts and Co. If Howard Frank Mosher's latest novel, ``On Kingdom Mountain,'' ever made its way to the big screen, the late Katharine Hepburn would have been the perfect choice to play its flinty, feisty heroine. The European Union blocked General Electric Co.'s $41 billion purchase of Honeywell International Inc. on Tuesday, the first time a proposed merger between two U.S. companies has been blocked solely by European regulators. The Twenty-second ASEAN Agriculture and Forestry Minister Meeting (AFMM) hosted by the Royal government of Cambodia was opened here Thursday.
t7346 The London stock market slipped slightly on Thursday as the Footsie index shed 3.3 points or 0.1 percent to end at 3,136.4 points. Addressing the Palestinian people for the first time since the Hamas takeover of Gaza, President Mahmoud Abbas angrily lashed out at the Islamic militants Wednesday, accusing them of trying to build an "empire of darkness" in Gaza and pledging he would not talk to "murderous terrorists." Japan posted a bigger-than-expected trade surplus of 10.2 billion dollars in March with exports surging 43.5 percent from a year earlier, official data showed Thursday. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. OPEC member Algeria said Monday that there was no need to increase oil production because world supplies were currently sufficient. Instead of going to a GOP minority-issues forum in Baltimore on Thursday, Rudy Giuliani is going West for an expected endorsement by former California Gov. Pete Wilson, best known for promoting referendums to restrict benefits to illegal immigrants and to end affirmative action. The families of three children born from frozen embryos said Monday that President Bush should see the toddlers before he makes a decision on stem cell research. A total of 532,000 domestic and foreign tourists visited southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region in the first 10 months of this year, an increase of 41 percent over the corresponding period last year.
t7079 US Vice President Al Gore arrived here Wednesday for talks with King Fahd and Hamid Algabid, secretary general of the Saudi-based Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC). Libya's highest court said Wednesday it would rule on July 11 in the appeal of five Bulgarian nurses and a Palestinian doctor trying to overturn their conviction and death sentences on charges of infecting about 400 Libyan children with the AIDS virus. The current sex abuse scandal is causing a record number of Austrians to quit the Roman Catholic Church, the daily Die Presse reported on Thursday. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Leg-spinner Shahid Afridi grabbed two big wickets in three overs to keep alive Pakistan's hopes of winning the third and final Test against India and square the series here on Monday. The number of violent crimes increased by a larger amount than expected last year, extending the first significant rise in murders and robberies in a dozen years, according to an FBI report released Monday. The Delmore Brothers and The Louvin Brothers spread the popularity of country music, while Sam Phillips was accused of trying to kill it. The first ASEAN informal summit was held in Jakarta, Indonesia, on November 30, 1996. ASEAN leaders exchanged views on the proposed ASEAN Vision Beyond 2003 when the ASEAN Free Trade Area would come into being.
t2700 American Nicole Bobek put months of controversy firmly behind her on Friday, as she headed towards the women's title at the figure skating world championships here. News that ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra might return to Thailand to fight moves to seize his fortune caused a stir in business and political circles Wednesday, setting off fears of new political instability. Iran has barred reformist former president Mohammad Khatami from leaving the country ahead of a trip he had planned to make to Japan for a nuclear disarmament conference, the Parlemannews.ir website of the reformist bloc in parliament said Thursday. Britain's Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, a figure beloved for her courage and common touch, died in her sleep on March 30. At age 101, she was an endearing symbol of royal tradition whose popularity transcended both age and class. Her funeral will be held April 9 at Westminster The controversy over a heavily brain-damaged Florida woman, who has been kept on life support over the past 15 years, took a dramatic turn Saturday when congressional leaders invoked emergency powers to pass a bill they hope will result in the woman's resumed feeding. A Long Island high-tech wizard has admitted to masterminding an industrial-sabotage scheme aimed at thwarting a rival company's method of producing computer microchips in an environmentally friendly way. U.S. authorities agreed Friday to hand an American serviceman accused of rape over to Japanese authorities, the U.S. ambassador said, resolving a standoff that had strained relations and fanned resentment of the U.S. military in Okinawa. A joint venture petroleum additive company between China and the United States, the largest of its kind in the country, was inaugurated in this capital city of northwest China's Gansu Province Thursday.
t5685 At the same conference, Koch announced that he had designated Egnot as skipper and Riley as boat captain. Isler was not present. An Israeli citizen has been sentenced to five years in prison for carrying out a bomb attack that targeted the owner of a downtown Prague casino in 2004, an official said Monday. Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific said it may fly passengers to Milan and Rome on Tuesday evening, but cancelled several other flights as Europe-bound air traffic remained largely paralysed. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has expressed doubt about the Bush administration's $3.8 billion plan to convert nuclear warheads to power-plant fuel, raising questions about whether the conversion will become the nation's principal method of disposing of plutonium once aimed at the Soviet Union. The head of Britain's information watchdog said Friday he will likely gain access to secret advice on the legality of the Iraq war that the government received in the run-up to the March 2003 invasion. Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama and John Edwards have suggested that there is little difference among us on Iraq. This is not true: I am the only leading Democratic candidate committed to getting all our troops out and doing so quickly. New Mexico on Thursday settled antitrust claims with Microsoft, dropping from the historic lawsuit brought by 18 states and the federal government against the software giant. Cyprus has made significant progress in its efforts to become a member of the European Union (EU). But political analysts believe that it still has a long way to go to attain the goal.
t5923 England's Laura Davies bogeyed the last two holes and still came up a one-stroke winner over American Beth Daniel Sunday in the Standard Register-Ping women's golf tournament. Gold prices rose modestly Monday, gaining for the third straight day as traders watched the U.S. dollar lose ground against the euro and Treasury yields hold steady. Japan on Tuesday suspended its beef and pork exports after detecting suspected cases of foot-and-mouth disease in a cattle herd, in what would be the country's first outbreak in a decade. Take your pick: Lyndon B. Johnson was a brutal, lying, bribe-taking, manipulative pol, a philanderer and absentee father who ruined men's lives, who only did the right thing when it was politically expedient and whose tactics make Machiavelli look like a Teletubby. Den Fujita, dubbed Japan's "father of hamburgers" for introducing McDonald's here more than three decades ago, left 462 million dollars to his family, tax office data showed Friday. Mortgages are complicated, and lending markets are in flux right now, but savvy, well-positioned consumers can still get the loans they need to buy, build or refinance a home. They just need to pay attention to what's going on, says David Reed, a lending veteran based in Texas and An invasion of armyworms is turning lawns throughout the Northeast a sickly brown and baffling experts, who can only guess that the source of the infestation was the winds of Tropical Storm Allison. French President Jacques Chirac expressed his regret Friday over the decision of Italy to ban French beef, which is feared to be carrying the mad cow disease, or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE).
t8801 The Philippine military flight ordered to take Filipina maids home from Singapore in the wake of a compatriot's execution has been delayed because few maids have accepted the offer, Filipino officials said Tuesday. U.N. peacekeepers on Friday honored a Jordanian colleague who died in a car crash while patrolling a slum near the Haitian capital. The African Union Commission praised on Monday Sudan's peaceful elections and said it hoped Sudan would face key decision-making with wisdom, after Omar al- Beshir was re-elected president. Twelve months into a five-year, $4.8 billion effort to identify the most promising technologies for a safer and cheaper successor, the team has identified 15 concepts for a replacement. The wedding of Britain's Princes Charles to his long-term partner Camilla Parker Bowles stirred republican interest here Saturday with new calls for an Australian head of state. An Internet business based in St. Petersburg has become a world hub for Web sites devoted to child pornography, spamming and identity theft, according to computer security experts. They say Russian authorities have provided little help in efforts to shut down the company. Newly positioned Israeli tanks and military vehicles kept watch Thursday on two West Bank towns, while Palestinians voiced skepticism of Israel's assurances it was not building up for an invasion of Palestinian areas. Apolo Anton Ohno of the United States beat four-time world champion Marc Gagnon of Canada to win the men's 1,500 meters at the short-track speed skating World Cup competition in Nobeyama, Japan on Friday.
t7719 Huguette Labelle, President of Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA), arrived here Friday at the start of a five-day visit during which she will meet Bangladesh Prime Minister Khaleda Zia. Manchester City recommended Thursday that its shareholders accept a 81.6-million-pound (US$162 million; euro121 million) takeover bid for the Premier League club by former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. Greece's debt crisis weighed on sentiment Friday, with Asian markets falling and the euro hitting a one-year low after the European Union raised its estimate for the country's deficit. The man who grew a human ear on the back of a mouse has made a breakthrough that brings the prospect of an artificial liver much closer. He believes he has solved the problem of growing the complex networks of blood vessels that artificial organs would need to sustain Police were Thursday investigating a renewed extortion demand against Australia's largest construction company Multiplex threatening that a crane driver at a building site in Australia or Britain would be shot dead. The Supreme Court convened its new term Monday, and the justices immediately immersed themselves in the first of several election-law challenges the court has agreed to decide in the midst of the 2008 elections. Frustrated by leaky pipes aboard the international space station, space shuttle Atlantis' astronauts got approval Tuesday to spend an extra day at the orbiting outpost. The National Conference of the ruling Ugandan National Resistance Movement (NRM) ended its two- day meeting here on Sunday with a resolution urging its Chairman Yoweri Museveni to contest in the presidential elections scheduled for February 2001.
t2450 The months ahead are "crucial" if Israel and Syria are to make peace, US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Friday on the second leg of his Middle East peace mission. A Milan judge on Wednesday indicted four international banks on charges related to the 2003 failure of the Parmalat dairy empire -- Europe's largest corporate bankruptcy. International sport's top court CAS on Thursday upheld an eight-year Europe-wide ban imposed by European football governing body UEFA on Macedonian club FC Pobeda for match-fixing. Ay caramba! The Cartoon Network just can't seem to stay out of the line of fire in the culture wars. Last year it angered Bugs Bunny purists by omitting racially insensitive cartoons from what would have been a complete marathon broadcast of the Wascally Wabbit's oeuvre. The NSW Waratahs comfortably coped with the controversial absence of lock Justin Harrison to remain unbeaten after four rounds of rugby's Super 12 with an efficient 25-10 win over South Africa's Western Stormers here on Saturday. Rudy Giuliani is rolling out his plan to overhaul U.S. health care Tuesday and he's enlisting two of the Republicans' favorite bogeymen to help -- Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton and filmmaker Michael Moore. The government has five-star rating systems to determine how vehicles hold up in crashes and how likely they are to roll over. Consumers looking for similar guidance on tires will come up empty because there is no standard to determine which tires are safe and which might fail. Amid fears that President Abdurrahman Wahid would be constitutionally ousted by his political opponents through an Assembly's special session, Wahid's spokesman Yahya Staquf denied here Wednesday that the president has been engaged in a political showdown with the House and the Assembly.
t9703 Cambodian Second Prime Minister Hun Sen told Thai businessmen Thursday that the Khmer Rouge was on "the point of disintegration" as he attempted to drum up business investment for Cambodia. Juan Pablo Montoya demonstrated his road racing prowess again by stretching his final fuel load to the limit and grabbing his first NASCAR Nextel Cup win at Infineon Raceway on Sunday. Panama's former strongman Manuel Noriega was en route to France Tuesday, extradited by the United States to face money-laundering charges after years of legal wrangling, US and French officials said. Ten heads nodded in unison around a long conference table as Rob Veres pointed to a large computer display. The scene was the latest of eBay's ``Voice of the Customer'' sessions, a brainchild of its chief executive, Meg Whitman. A cross-section of those who buy and sell over this Pope John Paul II's prayers helped make Ukraine's "Orange Revolution" a success and enable the country to move towards democracy without violence, President Viktor Yushchenko said Monday as he began a visit to the pontiff's native Poland. Cycling is terrific exercise, hitting the cardiovascular system and major muscle groups simultaneously -- but it may not be the best thing for building strong bones. Compared with male runners, male cyclists appear more likely to have lower-than-normal bone density. The Justice Department is swapping one veteran lawyer of the Florida recount battle for another in its landmark antitrust case against Microsoft. The Philippine peso closed weaker against the U.S. dollar Wednesday, falling past the 50:1 level ahead of the impeachment trial that would determine the fate of President Joseph Estrada's presidency.
t8632 An ecological pressure group pledged here Monday to take the Norwegian fisheries ministry to court in a bid to prevent the authorised "massacre" of 1,850 baby seals. Suspended NFL player Adam "Pacman" Jones surrendered to authorities in Nevada early Friday and was released after posting US$20,000 (euro14,880) bond on felony charges in a strip club melee that preceded a triple shooting. Argentina launched Monday its planned monitoring of vessels plying the waters between the mainland and the disputed Falkland Islands, the coast guard agency PNA said. If there is anything worse than being unlucky in love, it is being unlucky in your biographer, particularly if you are a former president of the United States who isn't alive to defend yourself and your record. The National Bank of Kuwait (NBK), the Gulf emirate's largest bank, announced Saturday a 39 percent rise in net profits for the first quarter of this year compared to the same period in 2004. More than three decades have passed since Joy Division emerged from the cultural rubble of post-industrial Manchester, England, to rechannel punk rock's sound and fury into something more sublime. Hours after being sentenced for negligence in his son's death, a man killed himself with his hunting rifle in the same mountains where the 2-year-old boy wandered off last October while the father scouted for deer. A new and improved vaccine against tuberculosis might be ready for testing in people as early as next year, a U.S. researcher said Wednesday.
t6248 The dollar stabilized on Monday on the London foreign exchange market after having set record lows overnight on Asian markets, while the peseta rallied from its drop caused Friday by rumors that it would be forced out of the European Monetary System (EMS). U.S. electronics and electrical manufacturers are likely to increase exports from their Malaysian plants by 7 percent to 78.3 billion ringgit (US$22.8 billion; euro17 billion) this year, lower than the 10.5 percent growth predicted in March, an industry group said Tuesday. The top European automakers, led by Germany's Volkswagen, looked ahead confidently on Wednesday, putting the industry's miserable, loss-making 2009 firmly behind them. Layne Staley, the lead singer of the pioneering grunge band Alice in Chains, was found dead on Friday at his home in Seattle. He was 34 years old. A frail and "suffering" Pope John Paul II appeared to pilgrims attending a solemn re-enactment of Christ's crucifixion at Rome's Colosseum late Friday, via a video link from his private chapel in the Vatican. Jillian Hurwitz doesn't really need to shop for a back-to-school wardrobe. After all, the stylish 15-year-old attends a private school where she wears a uniform every day. But that didn't stop her from hitting the racks at the Madison boutique in Brentwood on a recent hot-as-Hades afternoon. His momentum slowed only by the soggy greens of Loch Lomond, U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen managed to keep some distance over the field with a 2-under 69 on Friday for a two-stroke lead in the Scottish Open. New Zealand and Australia will sign an open-skies agreement in Melbourne, Australia, next week, New Zealand Press Association (NZPA) reported Saturday.
t206 Britain's Serious Fraud Office in conjunction with the City of London police launched an investigation on Friday into fraud allegations concerning collapsed Barings merchant bank, the SFO announced. U.S. President George W. Bush met Pope Benedict XVI for the first time Saturday, defending his humanitarian record and telling the papal leader about U.S. efforts to battle AIDS in Africa. Former US president Jimmy Carter who is in Sudan to monitor the country's landmark elections said on the first day of voting Sunday that despite minor snags voting was proceeding smoothly. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Orlando Magic forward Stacey Augmon was suspended one game without pay and guard DeShawn Stevenson was fined 7,500 dollars by the National Basketball Association here Tuesday. Isaiah Washington has blamed racism for playing a part in his public excoriation for homophobia and his eventual firing from ABC's ``Grey's Anatomy,'' according to Newsweek magazine online. ``If a black man can't get forgiveness in this country, when so many other people like Robert Downey Jr. and the Penguins forward Billy Tibbetts, who pleaded guilty to a rape charge as a teen-ager, has been identified as a convicted sex offender in fliers given out in his Pittsburgh neighborhood. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) and the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) signed a cooperation agreement between them at a ceremony here on Friday.
t2270 Major League Baseball owners voted here Thursday to add clubs in 1998 in Phoenix and St. Petersburg, Florida, raising the number of premier- level North American teams to 30. It is appropriate for Australia to host the Dalai Lama despite China's disapproval because he is a major world religious leader, the Australian opposition leader said Wednesday. Brazil, India and South Africa agreed in a trilateral summit Thursday that more diplomacy was required in the international standoff with Iran over its controversial nuclear program. Protesters breached the walls of the U.S. Embassy in the tiny Persian Gulf island kingdom of Bahrain on Friday, smashing windows and burning vehicles before retreating under a hail of tear gas and rubber bullets shot by policemen aided by American Marines. France and Germany said Friday they saw no contradiction between an EU bid to secure guarantees Iran will not use an atomic energy program to acquire nuclear weapons and nuclear cooperation between Moscow and Tehran. Twentieth Century Fox and the Chicago Film Critics Association, or CFCA, have reached an agreement on movie screenings, the group's president Dann Gire said, two weeks after the CFCA called on its members to hold an ``action of protest'' against the studio for favoring some critics over others. The arms trafficking investigation against the son of former President Francois Mitterrand was reopened, one week after France's highest court dismissed the case. Malaysia and Saudi Arabia Tuesday voiced their common stands that there will never be peace and stability in West Asia unless the legitimate rights of the Palestinian people are restored and realized.
t7154 A Russian MiG-31 warplane early Thursday briefly violated Japanese airspace off the coast of Hokkaido, northern Japan, causing four Japanese fighters to be scrambled, the defence agency (ministry) reported. Justine Henin started the defense of her Eastbourne International title by beating Polish teenager Agnieszka Radwanska 6-4, 6-1 on Wednesday. Pulling out of Afghanistan too soon would be "far more disastrous" than 9/11 because of the danger of extremists getting hold of nuclear materials, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Thursday. A former student whose career was derailed before it started because of an unsubstantiated date-rape charge from a college employee deserves the right to sue the university, his lawyer told the Supreme Court Wednesday. Malaysian pop princess Siti Nurhaliza Taruddin once dreamed of being a policewoman, but instead of capturing crooks she now captures hearts and is hot in pursuit of international stardom. OK, so immigration isn't about Hispanics. I guess that follows because as far as the Republicans are concerned, nothing is about Hispanics. Russia's Sergei Ivanov won the ninth stage of the Tour de France on Monday, and Australia's Stuart O'Grady again held the yellow jersey. Visiting German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said Wednesday that he believed the European Union (EU) would agree on a deal in the forthcoming summit on internal reforms paving the way for eastward enlargement.
t2860 The UN summit in Copenhagen this weekend is the largest assembly of world leaders ever, bringing together 118 heads of state and government to approve the Copenhagen Declaration against poverty. A man fatally shot the preschool director at his child's prestigious private school in Mexico City just as students were arriving Wednesday, police said. A lack of sea ice in one of the warmest Canadian winters on record and a European boycott have ruined what was to be a banner seal hunt off Canada's Atlantic coast this month, according to officials and sealers. When Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, died in her sleep the day before Easter, Britain lost an eyewitness to more than a century of world history. Beloved by the British people, the Queen Mum rarely gave interviews, preferring to protect her privacy. Who was she? Security forces in Kyrgyzstan were involved in tense stand-offs with protestors in two regional capitals on Sunday amid unrest over the former Soviet republic's disputed parliamentary polls won by pro-presidential parties, officials and witnesses said. The 40-year-old bridge that collapsed in Minneapolis last week was built during an era when designers were confident they knew enough about bridge strength and weight loads that they could build bridges lighter and cheaper. Patrick Rafter reached his second consecutive Wimbledon final, fighting from the brink of defeat to shock Andre Agassi on Friday. Newcastle United's newly-signed Chilean midfielder Clarence Acuna said on Wednesday he would rather play for his club than return home for his country in their World Cup qualifier against Argentina on November 15.
t5170 Sales at department stores in Tokyo fell by 3.1 percent in February from the figure a year earlier, marking the 36th consecutive monthly decline in the sector, an industry association said on Friday. South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun defended on Sunday his decision to shut down exclusive press clubs run by government ministries for mainstream news organizations, saying they restrict the open flow of information and media competition. At least two people were injured Monday in an explosion outside a school in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar, police said. The cause of the blast was unclear. Hepatitis A rates among Latino children in Southern California have reached epidemic levels, with those youngsters six times more likely to contract the virus than non-Latinos, according to a study released Tuesday. Australian share prices fell 0.8 percent in a shortened trading session ahead of the Easter holidays Thursday as the resources and banking sectors weighed on the market, dealers said. Raymond Altieri of Dundalk, Md., was looking for a recipe for O range C hicken that he says was floating around about 20 years ago. The main ingredients were orange marmalade and Lipton onion-soup mix. Motorola Inc. posted a whopping loss for a second straight quarter amid a deep slump in the cell phone and semiconductor industries, but narrowly beat Wall Street's reduced expectations. China has 1.2 million new diabetes patients annually, with an increase of 3,000 daily, says a latest report issued by the Ministry of Health in Beijing Tuesday.
t9642 Steve Bruce will miss Manchester United's FA Cup semi-final against Crystal Palace after being banned by the Football Association (FA) on Thursday. The defending champion United States came from a goal down to top Mexico 2-1 and win a fourth Gold Cup crown at Soldier Field on Sunday. Consumer confidence has risen more than expected in Germany, boosting hopes of a recovery in Europe's top economy, the GfK research group said on Tuesday. As his classmates spent the last few weeks happily mailing their acceptance letters back to Harvard, Cornell, and other marquee schools, Robert Gondola found himself stuck in admissions limbo. The crypt in Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome where Pope John Paul II has been buried will reopen to the public Wednesday, the Vatican said Monday. Lockheed Martin said Tuesday that its third-quarter profit surged 22 percent, beating Wall Street's expectations, as it continued to post strong sales in its satellite and fighter-jet businesses. Spanish conglomerate SEPI has received seven offers for its majority stake in struggling Aerolineas Argentinas and said a decision on the future of the airline was expected this month. Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides said Wednesday that if Turkish Cypriot leader Rauf Denktash refuses to participate in the next round of U.N.-sponsored proximity talks, the issue must go before the U.N. Security Council.
t5215 The organizers of the Jerusalem 3000 festival voiced fears Friday that some European countries are preparing to boycott the extravaganza celebrating Jewish rule over the holy city. Residents of Oberammergau on Sunday approved plans to move the Bavarian town's famous Passion play into the evening hours, the mayor said Sunday, prompting the production's director to say he would stay in the job. India's Supreme Court on Monday upheld the guilty verdict handed to the son of a powerful politician for murdering a fashion model in a packed New Delhi bar in 1999. A good reason to visit Hawaii's Maui island _ beside the rain forest, beaches and mountains _ is the free loan of a dog or two. Taiwan share prices closed 0.31 percent lower Thursday, continuing under pressure from foreign investor sales ahead of a planned mass rally Saturday against China's anti-secession law, dealers said. National: CAMPAIGN -- While Labor Day is traditionally viewed as the informal kickoff of the presidential campaign season, this year, it feels more like the midpoint in a marathon. 400 words, by Dan Balz (Post). With CAMPAIGN-GOP and CAMPAIGN-DEMS. CAMPAIGN-MCCAIN -- NEOLA, Iowa -- The flashy Straight Talk Express, NASA fueled space shuttle Atlantis for launch early Thursday on a mission to install a new portal for spacewalkers on the international space station. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 2,085.11 points Tuesday, up 14. 33 points from the last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t2126 A UN Commission demanded trials for the culprits in Rwanda's genocide last year and condemned massive human rights abuses, but also sought to encourage the current government in a resolution. Sudan has accepted a revised plan for a joint African Union and United Nations peacekeeping force, a senior African Union official said Tuesday in Ethiopia -- but U.N. diplomats said the approval came with difficult conditions, and there was widespread skepticism of any breakthrough. Philippine security forces on Wednesday clashed with Al Qaeda-linked militants on a remote southern island, a day after a stunning assault by the insurgents left 15 people dead. These columns for release Saturday, April 6 and Sunday, April 7, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. "Spamalot," the much-hyped stage adaptation of the movie "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" opened on Broadway Thursday to winning reviews and nearly 20 million dollars in advance ticket sales. ``The idea (for `Vitus') goes back 20 years,'' Swiss filmmaker Fredi M. Murer says. ``I had wanted to make a movie about that phase of our life between 5 years (old) and 12. Five is when I have my first memories, and after 12 begins puberty.'' At that age, Outfielder Stan Javier was placed on the 15-day disabled list Wednesday by the Seattle Mariners, who called up right-hander Joel Pineiro from Triple-A. The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has called on Washington to play a fair role in the Mideast peace process, stressing that the Palestinian and the Arab people are looking forward to a fair U.S. stance.
t273 Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said Friday he did not see the need for Malaysia to introduce trading in derivatives as it was a form of gambling that could wreck financial institutions as it did Barings. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov urged the United States on Saturday to halt moves to deploy missile defense facilities in Europe pending negotiations on the issue, the ITAR-Tass news agency reported. Greece's debt problems may currently be in the spotlight but Japan is walking its own financial tightrope, analysts say, with a public debt mountain bigger than that of any other industrialised nation. Billy Wilder, the caustic writer and director who won six Academy Awards and international acclaim as one of the world's great filmmakers and then spent the last 21 years of his vivid life imploring Hollywood to let him make another movie, died Wednesday at his home in Los Angeles, China is ready to invite Taiwan to participate in the 2008 Olympic torch relay and will also follow the precedent set by Athens of extending the relay to other countries, state press said Wednesday. Taking an opportunity to reach the nation's fast-growing pool of Hispanic voters -- an opportunity rejected by the Republican front-runners -- the leading Democratic presidential candidates spoke before a national convention of Hispanic elected officials Saturday, promising to keep working toward immigration reform. The board that controls beer and liquor sales in Utah has approved a series of permits that will allow Swiss and Dutch sports and marketing groups to sell alcohol during the 2002 Winter Games. Turkish President Ahmet Necdet Sezer described his just-concluded four-nation Central Asia tour as a significant step to "institutionalize our relations with the Turkish republics."
t8571 Twenty-five Swedish soldiers of the United Nations Protection Force have been cut off from their headquarters for a week near Tuzla, northeastern Bosnia, where the Bosnian government has launched an offensive, a UN officer said Monday. North Korea showed readiness to shut down its nuclear reactor, U.S. envoy Christopher Hill said Friday, adding to optimism that Pyongyang is intent on fulfilling its disarmament pledge. Europe faced mounting pressure to quickly bailout debt-stricken Greece on Saturday amid fears the crisis could spread and threaten the global economic recovery. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it Questions sprang up Saturday over the handling of the dire financial straits of MG Rover, which went into administration after the collapse of a last-ditch deal to save Britain's sole remaining independent mass-production automaker. The National Counter-Proliferation Initiative aims to crack down on the black market networks that U.S. officials believe have flourished for decades and continue to clandestinely provide American hardware and software to numerous nations and possibly terrorist organizations as well. Squabbling between lawyers from the NBA and the players' union kept some free agent activity _ but not all of it _ from moving forward Wednesday. China's national economy has maintained rapid growth this year as a result of effective measures adopted by the Government, according to the Central Economic Working Conference, which closed here Thursday after a two-day session.
t3967 Iran will shortly inaugurate a rail link connecting its port of Bandar Abbas with Central Asia, President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani said here Tuesday. This year, like the past 39 years, Shivcharan Jatav tried to pass his 10th grade high school exams -- and failed again. Poland's airspace was shut Saturday to commercial traffic until further notice as an volcanic ash cloud from Iceland halted flights across Europe, a day before the Polish president's funeral, authorities said. California officials, seeking to recoup the costs of last year's skyrocketing energy prices, went to Capitol Hill Thursday to level some of their most explosive charges against Enron and other energy providers. Israel has no intention of launching a strike against Iranian nuclear installations, a top official said Tuesday, quoting Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. If the Bush administration does not change strategy, the U.S. troop surge in Iraq will continue until this time next year, Lt. Gen. Raymond Odierno, the second-highest-ranking commander in Iraq, said Friday. Robert Mueller, President Bush's pick to lead the FBI, appears to be a forthright man willing to acknowledge problems at the nation's top law enforcement agency, says GOP Sen. Charles Grassley, one of the agency's harshest critics. Five local intermediate people' s courts Wednesday sentenced 14 people to death, including three with a two-year reprieve, in the first verdicts on a major smuggling case in the east China port city of Xiamen.
t8214 A UN convoy on Sunday evacuated around 1,400 Kurdish refugees from a northern Iraqi town which the Turkish army occupied last week in a drive against Kurdish separatists, UN officials said. AT&amp;T Inc., which will be the exclusive carrier of Apple Inc.'s much-hyped new iPhone, has hired 2,000 extra workers to staff its company-owned stores for the launch, a spokesman said Thursday. On three occasions Doha had to jump out of her cab when the driver assaulted her in broad daylight. But now she has joined a growing number of women in Lebanon who speak out against sexual harassment. With his pressed suit and shiny cuff links, John Bryant steps out of his Mercedes-Benz looking like a quintessential banker. A second 26-gun salute was fired in the Polish capital Warsaw on Friday, marking the 26-year pontificate of native born Pope John Paul II, as his funeral ceremony came to an end in Rome. Explanations are required when you are a conservative Republican, your friend is a Democrat, and you tell people you are running a joint campaign to unseat Rep. F. James Sensenbrenner Jr. of Wisconsin, one of the longest-serving Republicans in Congress and the very definition of an entrenched incumbent. Embryonic stem cell research should be included among the possible avenues for treating disease, federal researchers told the Bush administration as it considers whether to allow federal funding of the approach. A group of state senators and businessmen from Madison, the United States, arrived here Monday to start a five-day working visit.
t8255 Eight members of India's ruling Congress (I) and an activist of a rival party died in a landmine blast Sunday in the southeastern state of Andhra Pradesh, the Press Trust of India (PTI) said. The first visit of a Vietnamese president to the White House since the Vietnam War comes amid harsh criticism by U.S. lawmakers of the communist-led nation's human rights record. Giampaolo Pazzini scored a brace as Sampdoria stunned AS Roma 2-1 to deal a potentially fatal blow to the capital-based club's title hopes. Your fancy, wide-screen television may have cost more than your first car. You have a sound system that would be adequate for a concert in an amphitheater. Connecting all this fancy stuff is 99 cents' worth of wire. Olympic badminton champion Taufik Hidayat shrugged off his injury woes to knock former world number one Peter Gade out of the Japan Open in the quarter-finals here on Friday. He was a young man then. Fresh out of the University of London, Jason Lewis was running his own window-cleaning business and playing in a grunge rock band when his friend Stevie Smith was struck by the terrifying thought that the prime of his life would turn out to Labor unions and business leaders are urging President Bush to make currency realignment a priority at this week's economic summit in Italy, saying the overvalued U.S. dollar is preventing economic recovery. Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov Wednesday emphasized Iraq's readiness to resume a dialogue with the U.N. during his meeting with visiting Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz.
t8076 Security forces shot dead five members of the outlawed Islamic group Jamaa Islamiyya in three southern Egyptian provinces on Saturday, officials said. About 1,100 police recruits in crisp new uniforms filled the famed Apollo Theater in New York's Harlem neighborhood Thursday for a lesson on race relations and cultural diversity. Team manager Oliver Bierhoff said Saturday the Germany team will continue to use their planned World Cup base in South Africa's Pretoria despite reported concerns over the building's safety. James Balsillie, co-chief executive of Research in Motion, likes to compare the company to a country house whose owners wake up one morning and discover they have a spectacular view of the ocean. The funeral ceremony for Pope John Paul II began Friday in Saint Peter's Square in front of a seething mass of mourners and state leaders. Too much disclosure, they argued, would overwhelm employees with unnecessary detail, raise expenses for plan administrators and ultimately fail to benefit retirees. China has released an electrician held in a mental hospital for trying to form an independent labor union at a silk factory, a labor rights group said Wednesday. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak's minority government is to be tested by crucial parliamentary votes Tuesday night on five bills calling for dissolving the Knesset (parliament) and holding an early election.
t2857 Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said Saturday the Middle East peace process had reached a delicate stage and called on Israel to ensure its continuation, as PLO leader Yasser Arafat was due in here for talks. European aerospace company EADS unveiled Wednesday a model of a jet designed to take tourists into space, rocketing paying passengers to weightlessness 100 kilometers (62.14 miles) above the earth's surface. South Korea Thursday lifted part of a warship from the seabed, a move which could provide clues to its mysterious sinking near the North Korean border almost three weeks ago. Peter Bogdanovich was fated to direct ``The Cat's Meow,'' it seems. After all, this tale of classic Hollywood intrigue and misbehavior spoke a language he knows well. Pope John Paul II appeared briefly at his apartment window to bless tens of thousands of pilgrims in St Peter's Square on Palm Sunday, the start of the Holy Week of Easter. As the Republican presidential candidates gather Sunday morning in Des Moines for their fourth debate, Iowa GOP voters are expressing limited enthusiasm for the field of current and potential aspirants, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll. Their views appear to be a microcosm of GOP sentiment across After suffering through a winter of sky-high natural gas prices, a school system near Pittsburgh has decided to drill its own. Following is the order of play at the Stuttgart Masters Series on Thursday (prefix number denotes seeding, all matches third round):
t7783 The German mark eased on Friday on the London forex market against most other currencies due to profit-taking, while the dollar rallied against the yen after hitting another record low on Thursday. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert will meet on Monday with the Palestinian, Egyptian and Jordanian leaders in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, an Israeli government spokeswoman said Thursday. All of Finland's airports have been reopened for traffic as skies cleared of a volcanic ash cloud that has disrupted air travel for more than a week, Finnish airport operator Finavia said Friday. A gloomy outlook for corporate profits neutralized surprisingly strong economic news Friday, contributing to the stock market's worst week since September. Four people were killed, including a French national, in a bomb attack on one of Cairo's main tourist areas Thursday that wounded eight others, security sources said. British Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced Tuesday that his country would withdraw 1,000 troops from Iraq by year's end, a nearly 20 percent decrease in forces and twice the number of troops previously expected to leave. Brown said he thought Iraqi security forces could assume full control of Basra, Deaths of World War II veterans have risen to some 1,200 day, and the Pentagon is looking for volunteers to play 'Taps,'' present the American flag and perform other military honors at funerals. At least 45 people were killed and over 50 injured in a fire incident late Saturday night at a garment factory in Narsingdi, about 50 kilometers east of Dhaka, according to sources of the district administration Sunday.
t6288 A human rights group criticized Monday Cambodia's Prime Ministers Hun Sen and Norodom Ranariddh for asking the United Nations to effectively shut down its human rights office. The chief U.S. envoy to North Korean nuclear talks called Tuesday for rapid progress in shutting down Pyongyang's bomb-making reactor, saying the communist regime had already received millions of dollars in disputed funds. The southern former rebel Sudan People's Liberation Movement denied on Wednesday having agreed with President Omar al-Beshir's ruling party to accept the results of last week's landmark polls. The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills, and the auction of a four-week bill on Tuesday and a two-year note on Thursday. Sweden's Annika Sorenstam fired a three-under par 69 here Friday to match surprising American Rosie Jones atop the leaderboard after two rounds of the LPGA Kraft Nabisco Championship. Sun Microsystems, one of the government's top technology vendors, canceled its contract with the General Services Administration after months of questions from investigators and lawmakers over allegations it had overcharged taxpayers in recent years. A bill designed to cement Indian rights in Mexico's constitution is on the verge of becoming law, but Zapatista rebels say it won't achieve the peace it was meant to bring. Thousands of families in three districts of Sri Lanka, some 350 kilometers east of the capital Colombo, have been left homeless due to days of torrential rains, officials said.
t3751 Poor voters around the world must pressure their governments to live up to agreements reached at the World Summit for Social Development, a top US diplomat said Monday. Georgia's Supreme Court agreed Thursday to hear the state's arguments for keeping in prison a man who had consensual sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was 17. The attorney general later said his release could open the floodgates for hundreds of incarcerated child molesters looking for a way Poland's flag carrier LOT said it had cancelled all flights until 2:00 pm (1200 GMT) Monday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. The executive director of the Virginia Republican Party has been indicted on four counts of breaking the state wiretapping law. Arab leaders open a two-day summit in the Algerian capital Tuesday to discuss a 17-point agenda, including a resolution to revive a plan for peace with Israel that the Jewish state rejected three years ago. Ongoing credit market woes sent stocks sharply lower Wednesday, despite positive economic data and a $7 billion injection from the Federal Reserve. President Kim Dae-jung refused to meet a high-level Japanese delegation Monday in a show of anger over Tokyo's refusal to revise history textbooks that critics say whitewash Japan's wartime atrocities. After three days of searching, Indonesian South Jakarta District Attorney on Tuesday finally asked the national police (Polri) to help catch Soeharto's youngest son, Hutomo "Tommy" Mandala Putra, who has been a fugitive in a high profile graft scandal.
t1216 Mary Joe Fernandez broke Natasha Zvereva three times in each set for a 6-4, 6-3 triumph here Monday in the rain-delayed finals of the 430,000-dollar WTA Evert Cup. An Ethiopian court convicted 39 opposition leaders and others Monday in connection with election violence after a trial that earned condemnation from human rights activists. An uncertain number of civilians may have been among up to 71 killed in Pakistani bombing raids in the country's northwestern tribal district of Khyber, survivors and officials said Tuesday. KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Like a lot of victims of domestic violence, Sheri didn't recognize the warnings. At the time, she was working as a receptionist and thought it was kind of cute that her boyfriend kept making excuses to stop by the law firm. Younis Khan overcame his twin failures in the first Test to steady Pakistan with a fighting 50 not out on the second day of the second Test against India here on Thursday. Jana Begum was married at 14 and said that without her husband, she is suffering from depression. She replays the night of Jan. 16, 2002, over and over in her mind. The family was sleeping that night when Indian soldiers arrested her husband, Manzoor Ahmad Dar. They wanted to Vice President Dick Cheney waded back into energy policy, national security and U.S.-China relations on Monday, undaunted by the new pacemaker in his chest. He flashed an ``OK'' sign when asked how he felt two days after it was implanted. A program called "Spring Bud" has enabled 35,000 poor girls who have dropped out of school in northwest China's Gansu Province return to schools.
t9786 The Nigerian government is currently considering whether to continue participation in the African peacekeeping force operating in Liberia, reports said Thursday, quoting the defence ministry. A diamond-adorned sword once owned by Gen. Ulysses S. Grant was sold for more than US$1.6 million (euro1.2 million) in an auction of Civil War items. Emergency crews started a controlled burn Wednesday of part of a giant oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico, the US Coast Guard said. Think of comic book heroes, and perhaps you conjure thoughts of Superman flying over Metropolis or Batman and Robin speeding out of their cave. And of course, Hollywood investors and comic book enthusiasts likely have Spider-Man on their minds this weekend, as the web-slinger hits the big screen. The leader of Britain's Liberal Democrats on Monday postponed the launch of his party's election campaign manifesto after his heavily pregnant wife was taken to hospital. The Bush administration plans to roll out an unprecedented package of unilateral sanctions against Iran Thursday, including the long-awaited designations of its Revolutionary Guard Corps as a proliferator of weapons of mass destruction and of the elite Quds Force for supporting terrorism, according to senior administration officials. Second-quarter earnings at Hershey Foods Corp. rose 31 percent, in part because of increased foreign demand and the company's newly acquired mint and gum businesses. Evander Holyfield will show up for the first time since August to defend his World Boxing Association (WBA) heavyweight title against John Ruiz in March.
t3899 A spate of vicious bomb attacks by gangland killers is posing a major challenge to the new government of Prime Minister Jozef Oleksy, one of whose first moves on coming to office was to form a crisis team to tackle organised crime. United Company Rusal -- the world's biggest aluminum producer -- said Thursday it has bought two bauxite plants in Jamaica and hopes to expand operations in the Caribbean nation with coal-generated power. Palestinians held rallies and vigils in an annual day of support on Saturday for the thousands of Palestinians held in Israeli prisons, a day after a detainee died in custody. For several months, Wall Street firms and securities regulators have been rewriting the rules of stock research in an effort to regain some of the credibility that evaporated when the technology bubble burst. But, suddenly, that patchwork approach looks like it may not hold off the critical masses. Chinese share prices closed down sharply Tuesday, extending recent losses with a drop of 1.96 percent to leave the market once again floundering at historic lows, dealers said. A former U.S. Marine sergeant who, until last week, was serving as a Riverside police officer, pleaded not guilty Thursday to voluntary manslaughter for his alleged role in the killing of four unarmed Iraqi prisoners during a November 2004 battle in Iraq. The reattached arm of an 8-year-old boy attacked by a shark is healing well but the boy remains unconscious and could have suffered brain damage, a doctor said Monday. The United Nations Security Council met Wednesday to discuss the issue of sending a protection force to the West Bank and Gaza Strip at the request by Palestinians.
t3454 Some 13 people were killed when a packed minibus they were travelling in smashed into a truck near the western Ugandan town of Kabale on Saturday, a police report said here Monday. An Israeli tank shell killed five children travelling in a car near the southern Gaza Strip town of Rafah on Thursday, Palestinian security officials said, adding that the driver of the vehicle was also killed. Dutch airspace will remain closed "until further notice" because of the volcanic ash cloud over Europe, the IVW civilian aviation authority in The Netherlands announced Friday. Any Southern cook should know a thing or two about frying, like when to use a pan and when to use a deep fryer; when to dredge and when to dip. Two Japanese officers and a Filipino crewman kidnapped during a pirate attack in the Malacca Strait have been released unhurt in southern Thailand after being held captive for almost a week, officials said Monday. Make it six-for-six this summer for Hollywood's ``three-quels.'' ``Rush Hour 3'' -- the last of the season's big-budget, third-installment sequels -- opened No. 1 at the weekend box office, matching the accomplishment of the previous five. The launch solidified Hollywood's strong summer, with overall box-office revenue for the season An armored vehicle carrying Marines rolled over at Bangor Naval Submarine Base, killing two people and injuring three others, base officials said. The State Council and the Central Military Commission have recently issued a circular on job arrangement for soldiers of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) who are to retire from active service this winter.
t7997 New Zealand golfer Greg Turner, who on Thursday wished he was back at home, took a three-stroke lead in the third round of the Balearic Open on Saturday. The Moscow bar association has refused to disbar a well-known defense lawyer known for representing jailed billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Russian opposition figures, an official said Thursday. Inter Milan came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Atalanta 3-1 at the San Siro on Saturday to leapfrog AS Roma at the top of the Serie A table. Renewed factional fighting Saturday and a rocket attack on Kabul Airport marred a daylong visit to Afghanistan by US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. China's cabinet has stepped in to clean up the country's scandal-ridden football league, ordering a crackdown on match-fixing and hooliganism, state press said Friday. The Senate Judiciary Committee will consider the Free Flow of Information Act on Thursday. This bill aims to establish standards under which federal courts can balance the public's interest in keeping journalists' sources confidential against its interest in requiring disclosure of those sources in the pursuit of justice. In a fresh embarrassment to the FBI, officials said Tuesday that 184 laptop computers _ at least one containing classified material _ are missing from the agency, along with 449 weapons. A spokesman with China's Ministry of Information Industry (MII) Sunday refuted spreading rumors that drastic adjustment of telecommunications fees will come very soon.
t6553 The Bank of Spain intervened "heavily" to support the falling peseta on Tuesday, selling marks for pesetas as the Spanish currency sank to 92.45 pesetas to the mark, dealers said. Canadian keyboardist and songwriter Richard Bell, who played with Janis Joplin, has died of cancer in a Toronto hospital. He was 61. A mission of EU and IMF officials began talks with Greece's finance minister on Wednesday on details of an emergency loan mechanism to help the country face its rising borrowing costs. Goodie Mob member Cee-Lo may rap on his solo debut, but make no mistake, this album is firmly rooted in funk. You hear it the syrup-thick bass, man-made drum taps, acid rock guitars, and gospel-choir-from-hell backing vocals. The parents of brain-damaged Terri Schiavo filed an emergency petition Saturday with the Florida Supreme Court asking for the woman's feeding tube to be reinserted, CNN television reported. International medical personnel and supplies are being airlifted to a remote region of central Congo to combat what threatens to become the world's most serious outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus in years. Pakistan's president urged India to resolve the dispute over Kashmir, but their summit got off to an inauspicious start Saturday when forces exchanged gunfire across their tense border for the first time in six months. As the first business institution specializing in bills trade in China's mainland, the Bills Department of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC) opened recently in Shanghai.
t2176 Asked by the World Bank, Japan is to give Hungary aid of 66.5 million yen to finance studies preparing a future World Bank loan for a state household reform, the Finance Ministry said Thursday. Colombia's main rebel group played no role in talks between France and President Alvaro Uribe that led to the release of a jailed guerrilla leader last week, a senior rebel commander said in a published interview Tuesday. A strong earthquake killed at least 67 people and buried many others in the debris of toppled houses in a remote area of northwestern China on Wednesday, the government said. Big Trouble Directed by: Barry Sonnenfeld Screenplay by Robert Ramsey and Matthew Stone, based on the novel by Dave Barry Starring: Tim Allen, Rene Russo, Stanley Tucci, Janeane Garofalo, Dennis Farina Running time: 85 minutes Rated: PG-13 (language, violence) ! 1/2 Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Ekaterina Thanou were given a reprieve for missing a doping test but their former coach Christos Tsekos was suspended for four years, the Greek athletics federation said on Friday. The U.S. military announced the deaths of seven American troops Thursday, hours after the No. 2 U.S. commander touted a decline in the number of fatalities this month as an indication that an increase in American forces was having a positive effect on the ground. Pat Burrell hit a three-run homer, and David Coggin held Atlanta to three hits over seven innings as the Philadelphia Phillies increased their NL East-lead to two games over the Braves with a 4-1 victory Wednesday night. Bradford City played a 1-1 draw with Leeds United while Liverpool beat Everton 3-1 in two matches of the English premier league on Sunday.
t4032 Zimbabwe will stand by goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar and include him in the team to play Lesotho on April 9, the president of the Zimbabwe Football Association, Leo Mugabe, said Tuesday. Gazans awoke to the first full day of Hamas rule Friday, a new reality fraught with uncertainty and fear that they'll become even poorer and more isolated. It's a tiny misprint, but an Australian publisher has had to pulp a cookbook after one recipe called for "salt and freshly ground black people" to be added to the dish. Ronald Segal, author of ``A History of the Atlantic Slave Trade and Its Consequences,'' surveys the older traffic in slaves from sub-Saharan Africa to north Africa and the Middle East, and the role of African slaves in Islamic society from the 7th century to the present. Lithuanian police have raided an illegal printing house producing fake euro notes in the second largest city, Kaunas, a statement from the law enforcement agents said Tuesday. Atle Selberg, 90, who was known as one of the great mathematicians of the 20th century and was a winner of the Fields Medal, which is often considered the Nobel Prize of mathematics, died Aug. 6 at his home in Princeton, N.J. He had a heart ailment. More than a third of the U.S. work force with access to the Internet have their e-mail messages and Web surfing regularly monitored by their employers, according to a new study released Monday. The NBA's champions of the last two seasons, the Los Angeles Lakers and the San Antonio Spurs, both lost on the road Tuesday.
t5031 Dickson refused to sign the waiver. So did the three defenders. But Dickson became the villain in oneAustralia's eyes -- although even without the waiver NZL-39 and oneAustralia will have approximately the same number of new sails in the semi-finals. A bomb ripped through a police bus in a crowded civilian area in the Afghan capital on Sunday, killing at least 18 people and wounding more than 35 others, an official and witnesses said. A senior US official warned Monday of potentially serious damage to military jets from volcanic ash after a buildup of glass was found in the engine of a NATO fighter plane in Europe. It was well past 11 p.m. when I entered Espai Sucre, not particularly late for Barcelona, perhaps, but I had already eaten dinner. The restaurant was full, diners deep into their meals, their voices leaping to the high dark ceiling, then seeping back down. I opened to the main The Italian region of Abruzzo said Wednesday it will name a mountain peak after Pope John Paul II on the pontiff's 85th birthday next May. My morning routine includes coffee, the newspaper and checking the J. Crew W eb site for new online exclusives. Before I go to bed, I browse Zappos to see exactly how many pairs of those Marc Jacobs flats are still in stock in my size. (They keep track of A fragmented stock market searched in vain for direction Wednesday _ big blue chips rose, but the broader market was mixed while investors awaited second-quarter earnings reports. The following are latest facts and figures about China's main import commodities from Spain from January to September this year, released by the General Administration of Customs:
t6057 Bosnian Serbs have accused a Russian UN military observer they arrested of belonging to a spy group, a UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) spokesman said here Monday. Vilma Espin Guillois, the wife of acting President Raul Castro and one of the communist nation's most politically powerful women, died Monday, the Cuban government announced. She was 77. USA Swimming unveiled a child protection plan on Wednesday in the wake of allegations of sexual misconduct with teens and bans of at least 36 coaches in the past decade. The Rev. Enrique Diaz Jimenez is a priest from Colombia who has ministered during the past 25 years in the best international tradition of the Roman Catholic Church. European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana called Friday on the people of Kyrgyzstan to refrain from violence and behave "responsibly," after the uprising which ousted the president there. Joe Zawinul, a musician and composer who pioneered the jazz fusion movement with Miles Davis in the late 1960s and led the popular jazz-rock group Weather Report for 15 years, died Sept. 11 at Wilhelmina Clinic in Vienna, Austria, where he had been treated since last month for Merkel Fireworks and green lasers lighted the sky and lion dancers joined ballerinas in celebration Friday night after Beijing won the 2008 Olympics. The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) has agreed to accept Thailand as a "partner for cooperation", a position which gives the kingdom new diplomatic reach in the field of comprehensive security, The Nation newspaper reported Friday.
t2563 Juha Kankkunen's lead in the Portuguese rally was cut in half by Spain's Carlos Sainz with five special stages to go in Friday's final day. A one-ton bomb exploded beneath a security headquarters in southern Gaza on Wednesday, killing at least one person and nearly destroying the building, Palestinian security officials said. Ousted Kyrgyz president Kurmanbek Bakiyev on Thursday left the country for neighbouring Kazakhstan, a source in Kyrgyzstan's new interim government told AFP. Rankings reflect sales for the week ending March 30 at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide. The European Union will counter-attack at the World Trade Organization if the United States decides to take a dispute over subsidies to aircraft makers Airbus and Boeing to the WTO, a European Commission official said Saturday. The day-to-day commander of the U.S. military in Iraq said Tuesday that American forces would be needed in the country for a few more years in order to stave off chaos. Gov. Mike Huckabee on Thursday commuted the 21-day state prison sentence pending for Whitewater figure David Hale on a state insurance conviction. The United States has said that it plans to spend 935 million U.S. dollars to assist Africa's development initiatives for the fiscal year 2001, Zambia Daily Mail newspaper reported on Wednesday.
t6216 US telecommunications group Motorola filed an application last week for acquiring a stake in privatization of French computer group Bull, sources close to the privatization process said Monday. Thai police charged ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and his wife with concealing assets Tuesday and ordered the exiled leader to return to Thailand and appear before them by June 29 or face arrest. A French invention that levitates objects is one of the star attractions of the inventors fair in Geneva, which opened on Wednesday, alongside new fangled bottle openers and shopping trolleys. Pity the Angel of the Waters, waterless for the first time in years, and the thoroughly modern F. Scotts and Zeldas: Their splashing ground is dry. Is inflation back? Many on Wall Street think so, and amid a harsher tone from the Federal Reserve, investors have been scurrying for cover, dragging stocks lower for a third consecutive week. President Bush tried to turn a corner in the fractious debate over Iraq Thursday night by ordering the first limited troop withdrawals since voters elected an antiwar Congress last year. But the move did little to appease Democratic leaders who dismissed it as a token gesture masking an open-ended A Zagreb court issued a warrant Friday for the arrest of an officer sought by the U.N. war crimes tribunal for atrocities against Serbs. Another suspect will surrender directly to the court in The Hague, Netherlands, his lawyer said. With the new tea development policy coming into immediate effect, the Nepali government aims to increase the annual production of tea from the existing 8.3 million kg to 46.1 million kg in the next 10 years in order to boost tea export, according to governmental officials.
t7617 Crystal Palace fan Matthew Simmons, attacked by Manchester United striker Eric Cantona, pleaded not guilty here on Friday to two charges connected with the incident. The top U.S. envoy to North Korean disarmament talks traveled Thursday to the communist country in the first high-level visit by a U.S. official there in more than 4 1/2 years. Seven Pakistani soldiers were killed and 16 wounded when militants armed with guns and rocket launchers ambushed their convoy in the northwest tribal belt, officials said Friday. There is enough controversy, pain and suspense to fill a dozen motion-picture thrillers. The first-round playoff series between the Los Angeles Kings and the Colorado Avalanche didn't end Thursday night and perhaps it's just getting started. The tsunami warnings which sent thousands of terrified people scurrying to safety after Asia's new earthquake showed that three months after the wave tragedy an alert system exists -- a haphazard one that leaves much of the population at risk. WASHINGTON--While waiting to be confirmed by the White House for a top civilian post at the Air Force last year, Charles Riechers was out of work. So the Air Force helped arrange a job through a nonprofit intelligence contractor that required him to do no work for the company, Harvey Pitt, President Bush's nominee to head the Securities and Exchange Commission, amassed more than $3 million last year as a lawyer representing seemingly everyone in the financial world. Construction of two trunk roads in the west district of Zhongguancun High-Tech Development Zone started Saturday, marking the beginning of new-phase development in the district.
t3938 A British consortium led by Balfour Beatty Ltd. has signed an agreement with the Philippine government to study the feasibility of building a 300-million-dollar water treatment and distribution project here, Trade Secretary Rizalino Navarro said in a statement. Just two days after parting ways with her manager, Kelly Clarkson has canceled her upcoming summer tour over disappointing ticket sales, yet another sign of turmoil as she prepares to release her third album, "My December." Hundreds of tourists were stranded on the holiday island of Cyprus on Saturday as flight links with northern and central Europe were cut by the volcanic dust cloud disrupting aviation traffic. A police officer's festering resentment over the outcome of a sexual molestation trial involving his daughter most likely drove him to fatally shoot five neighbors on Tuesday night, the authorities said Thursday. European stock markets fell in early deals on Tuesday, reflecting a weak overnight showing on Wall Street ahead of a US interest rate decision, dealers said. As a young man just turned 30, Brian Ouzounian began jousting with park officials in 1980 over a general management plan that proposed a campsite reduction. The Treasury Department is concerned about people operating scams in which they are offering to calculate the amount taxpayers would receive in tax-refund checks, a spokesman said Monday. Drilon said he has asked Sen. Francisco Tatad, chair of the Senate Rules Committee, to review the proposed rules of impeachment.
t6094 A Kuwaiti appeals court on Monday upheld two out of the six death sentences for an alleged Iraqi-backed plot to kill former US president George Bush in 1993, legal officials said. Fresh rumors that BHP Billiton was preparing a takeover bid for either aluminum producer Alcoa or its rival Alcan had little impact on Australia's stock market Tuesday, as some analysts doused the idea with cold water. Indigenous group will occupy an area where the Brazilian government wants to build a controversial hydro-electric dam projected to be the world's third- largest, an Indian chief said Wednesday. Four of the players invited to Saturday's NFL draft visited Ladder Co. 3 firehouse on East 13th Street on Friday. The trip occurred, in part, because NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue demanded it. In this instance, Tagliabue, like his predecessor, Pete Rozelle, showed that he knows a thing or two Some 800 foxes have been killed in England and Wales since a controversial ban on hunting with dogs was imposed February 18, a similar kill figure to those recorded over the same period in recent years, the Countryside Alliance said here this week. The officials and some experts hastened to add that the arrest Monday of Diego Montoya isn't likely to significantly reduce the flow of drugs to North America, given U.S. demand for cocaine and the willingness of lesser capos to fill the leadership vacuum. As Bogota newspaper El Tiempo editorialized Pat Croce softened his demand to become chief executive officer of the company that owns the Philadelphia 76ers, saying Friday he still wants to remain with the Sixers if CEO Ed Snider won't step aside. Chinese people are optimistic about a better off life in the future as they see the government's goals for social and economic development as attainable, results of an official survey showed.
t1727 The British confectionery and soft drinks group Cadbury Schweppes on Wednesday reported a 15 percent rise in 1994 pre-tax profits to 478.5 million pounds (765.6 million dollars) compared with a year earlier. Anders Igel, the chief of Nordic telecom operator TeliaSonera AB, will leave his post on July 31, the company said Tuesday. The United States Wednesday was "ready to assist" China after a massive earthquake that killed at least 400 people in its northwestern Qinghai province, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said. In the last week alone, more than two dozen alleged new victims of the late Rev. Joseph E. Birmingham have come forward, some with accounts of how they fruitlessly complained about his compulsive molestation of children during the first of six parish assignments Birmingham had in 29 years as Celtic will return to the top of the Scottish Premier League on Saturday if they beat crisis club Dundee United at Tannadice. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid offered no apologies Thursday for his decision to reject compromise efforts to alter President Bush's Iraq strategy that had the support of a growing number of Republicans. A draft negotiating text for an agreement to create a hemisphere-wide free trade zone was released Tuesday, prompting praise from the Bush administration and criticism from opponents of the pact. Kuwaiti Acting Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah outlined on Saturday an all-inclusive-but-nothing-new government working plan during a parliament session.
t95 China's birthrate last year was 17.7 persons per thousand, the lowest since the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949, the State Statistics Bureau reported Friday. U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said history will remember President George W. Bush's foreign policy favorably despite current troubles in Iraq, Iran, North Korea and the Middle East The air crash that claimed the lives of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others including political and military leaders has spotlighted Poland's lack of travel rules for officials. Milton Berle, the brash comedian who emerged from vaudeville, nightclubs, radio and films to become the first star of television, igniting a national craze for the new medium in the late 1940s, died on Wednesday at his home in Los Angeles. He was 93. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon stepped up pressure Tuesday on the European Union to blacklist Lebanon's Shiite movement Hezbollah as a terrorist group, during talks with European premiers. Paul McCartney's 20-song set list for his performance Wednesday night at Amoeba Music in Hollywood was the same one he used in previous small-scale shows June 7 in London and June 13 in New York: An American Air Force sergeant was under suspicion Friday in the rape of a Japanese woman on Okinawa island _ an attack that fueled resentment here ahead of a meeting between President Bush and Japan's prime minister. The People's University of China today opened an international news media seminar in Beijing, attracting 60 domestic and overseas journalists and experts.
t426 Nepal has finally given the go-ahead for the construction of a controversial hydro-electric project which has been locked in the planning stages for eight years, a top official said Saturday. Paris Hilton awoke behind bars again in a maximum security detention center where she was believed to be undergoing medical and psychiatric evaluations. Sri Lanka's first peacetime parliamentary polls won in a landslide by the country's ruling party can pave the way for President Mahinda Rajapakse to unify the nation, a US official said Monday. Rafael A. Lafferty, a prolific science fiction writer best known for his short stories and his fresh, eccentric style, died on March 18 in Broken Arrow, Okla. He was 87. India's Sachin Tendulkar on Wednesday became the fifth batsman in the history of cricket to complete 10,000 Test runs, achieving the feat in the second Test against Pakistan here. Standing by a vehicle touted by the military as one of its most effective defenses against roadside bombs, Marine Staff Sgt. Tim Kessler couldn't help but sound pleased. Operating the so-called mine-resistant, ambush-protected vehicles in and around the western Iraqi city of Fallujah, two Marines in his mine-clearing unit Scattered violence persisted Saturday in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, further clouding plans for a weeklong test period for an Israeli-Palestinian cease-fire. Of the two projects, Northwest Crop Diversification Project will cost 66.2 million dollars, of which the ADB will give 46.3 million dollars from its Special Funds resources.
t5467 A Japanese H-2 rocket blasted off from Tanegashima Island Saturday, carrying two satellites -- the Space Flyer Unit for various space tests and a meteorological unit. An Italian judge on Monday suspended the first trial involving the CIA's extraordinary rendition program until the country's highest court can rule on the case. From solar-powered water purification systems in Afghanistan to a Navy jet fueled in part by biofuel, the US military is taking a lead role in shrinking the US carbon "boot print", an independent report said Tuesday. SigGissler, an associate professor of journalism at Columbia University and former editor of The Milwaukee Journal, will be the next administrator of the Pulitzer Prizes, the university and the Pulitzer board announced Wednesday. China Construction Bank said Thursday it will strengthen its management amid corruption allegations in an apparent move to improve its image ahead of a planned initial public offering abroad. Geez, I thought, he actually looked. But my moment of self-congratulation ended quickly. He obviously had set aside the perfect, juicy peach I had given him and eaten a bag of salty, fatty, fake-flavored chips instead. General Electric Co. said Thursday its second-quarter earnings rose 15 percent to $3.90 billion, helped by strong performances in its financial services and power systems divisions. The average per-capita disposable income of urban residents in Tibet reached 5,907 yuan in 1999, up 8.6 percent over the previous year.
t5950 Malaysian Navy patrol boats opened fire on an armed Chinese trawler that entered Malaysian waters after the vessel refused to heed warnings to stop, police said Monday. U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Monday signaled the Bush administration's steadfast support for Pakistan's struggling leader but also expressed worry about the country's rising violence and called for stronger rights for opposition groups. Norway shut down airspace over the southwestern part of the country early Tuesday due to a volcano ash cloud, after having reopened virtually all of its airspace Monday, a spokesman for airport authority Avinor told AFP. Anya Vanina is an unlikely troublemaker. She worked for years as a police officer and later peddled makeup for Mary Kay. But in this small Russian village, tucked in a forested corner of northwest Russia, she is stirring things up. Malaysian share prices closed 0.11 percent higher Friday on a lack of fresh leads and ahead of the weekend, dealers said. But there was also light scattered applause as he left the stage, illustrating how the former mayor remains a polarizing figure in New York City. Mark Kotsay and Ryan Klesko got the same feeling they always get at Enron Field. For a change, some of the good luck rubbed off on Bobby Jones. Nadejda Ostrovskaya of Bulgaria upset second-seed Tamarine Tanasugarn of Thailand 7-6 (7- 5), 6-4 Friday to reach the semi-finals of the Volvo WTA tournament in Pattaya, Thailand.
t4283 The local stockbroking arm of the resurrected Barings group, PT Baring Securities Indonesia (BSI), resumed trading on the Jakarta Stock Exchange (JSE) late on Wednesday morning more than two weeks after withdrawing voluntarily from the bourse. President Mahmoud Abbas' office said Friday that the new Palestinian government would be sworn in later in the day, but followed it minutes later with an announcement that the event had been postponed. About 63,000 flights have been cancelled in Europe since Thursday because of a huge cloud of ash from a volcano erupting in Iceland, the European air traffic coordinating agency said. Fernando Vina's little blooper was an imperfect shot at the worst moment Friday night, helping the Cardinals and completely capturing the Astros' recent struggles. An outbreak of haemorrhagic fever that has claimed the lives of 96 people, many of them children, in northern Angola has been caused by the Marburg virus, Angola's deputy health minister said Tuesday. A Washington Post article about Hurricane Dean incorrectly described Belize City as the capital of Belize. The capital is Belmopan. NEW YORK (AP)_ Stock prices were higher in early trading. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 12 points in today's early going. Advancing issues on the New York Stock Exchange held a 7-5 lead over decliners. The Ugandan government is planned to spend 200 million U.S. dollars for road investments including both local and donors' fund during this fiscal year, the Monitor newspaper reported on Thursday.
t4067 Russian warplanes took to the skies again Tuesday southeast of the devastated Chechen capital Grozny, wreaking destruction in civilian areas. A U.S.-led coalition service member was killed during a clash in eastern Afghanistan Friday, the coalition said in a statement. In a dusty government basement in Dakar, the archived history of nearly two centuries of French presence in West Africa is in an advanced state of degradation, a disintegrating record of colonisation. Producer Rick McCallum likens ``Star Wars: Attack of the Clones'' to ``Titanic.'' Not the ship, he hastens to add, but the movie. A former member of Egypt's banned Muslim Brotherhood group said on Tuesday he had applied for permission to form a moderate Islamist party. In the small hours of Aug. 6, before the mountain came down around six men working to hollow it out, immense forces were concentrated on the far reaches of the Crandall Canyon coal mine. Not all of them came from within the groaning mountain. Microsoft Corp.'s MSN Messenger was still experiencing outages Monday, seven days after the company acknowledged a technical glitch that left about a third of its users disconnected or without access to their online personal address books. Democrat Al Gore on Tuesday won New York State' 33 electoral votes in the race for the U.S. presidency, U.S. TV networks reported.
t5974 The United States, Japan and South Korea will launch "immediate sanctions" and seek UN Security Council intervention if North Korea scraps its nuclear deal with Washington, a South Korean official warned Monday. A federal judge declined Monday to dismiss a lawsuit accusing Robert De Niro of misrepresented his health on a movie production insurance form. Human rights groups pilloried Indonesia's constitutional court Tuesday after it upheld a 1965 blasphemy law, ruling in favour of orthodox religions over basic freedoms. They've been going to school together since kindergarten; now, as they finish high school, they will have a prom together, too. Doctors believe Prince Rainier's chances of survival are "uncertain" because his vital organs are failing, palace officials in Monaco said Friday. Reacting to what federal safety regulators have termed an "alarming" increase in motorcycle fatalities in recent years -- to 4,810 last year -- the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety says "supersport" bikes, lightweight powerful machines designed for racing but modified for the highway, are deadliest of all. The five astronauts aboard space shuttle Atlantis examined equipment Friday that they will be using to install a $164 million entryway in the international space station. The Shanghai B-share market rallied 0.46 to 76.31 points Friday, crossing over the 75-point level for the first time since August 22, 2000.
t5582 Britain confirmed on Saturday it has sent Sinn Fein a draft agenda for ministerial-level talks but denied government politicians were ready to hold their first discussions with the IRA's political wing. Scoreboard at lunch Monday on the fourth day of the fourth test between England and West Indies at the Riverside Ground: Discovery made a safe return to Earth on Tuesday after a two-week resupply mission to the International Space Station that broke new ground by putting four women in orbit for the first time. Gazing at the movie screen, the audience watched tensely as the actress Jodie Foster scrambled into the bunker-like room, secured the door and snatched the emergency telephone for help in the new movie, ``Panic Room,'' a thriller about a woman under siege in a fortified hiding place in her Investigators in Texas Thursday sifted through the debris after an explosion at the third-biggest refinery in the United States killed 14 people, but the oil markets shrugged off the incident's impact on supplies. Family gatherings for Collins Omondi once were boisterous affairs here on the verdant shores of Lake Victoria. But in just 11 years, AIDS has killed seven of his uncles, six aunts, five cousins and both his parents. His extended family now consists of one surviving uncle, an aunt and Bolanle Ijikelly wasn't too surprised when armed robbers broke through the wall of her apartment with a sledgehammer one night last month and started carting away her valuables. Iran's security forces on Wednesday killed two members of the outlawed Mujahedin Khalq Organization (MKO) and arrested another in a clash in the southern Fars province.
t6772 The US government and US agribusinesses have authorized 160 million dollars in export guarantees to foster agricultural development in Ukraine. The state of Tennessee is asking a federal judge to dismiss a petition aimed at stopping the court-ordered reunion of an 8-year-old girl with her Chinese parents. US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Thursday on NATO to press Russia into matching any future move by Washington to reduce US tactical nuclear weapons in Europe. He is no longer a Patriot. His kids will be wearing Buffalo Bills jerseys and hats starting Tuesday. And when he talks about his new team, he refers to ``we,'' as in, ``We have a good organization from the top down. We've got a lot of good things going Switzerland's top airline, after being one of the hunters during the 1990s, succumbed to upheaval in the European air travel market last week to become the prey of German carrier Lufthansa. "The Hunting Party" makes a forgettable contribution to all those movies about tormented, gonzo newsmen, stranded in some hellish outpost (in this case, Bosnia), who drink to drown those terrible memories but are committed to news, news, news. The Audit Bureau of Circulations gave final approval Saturday to a sweeping overhaul of magazine circulation rules, opening the way for publishers to try new marketing efforts as they confront a steady decline in circulation. Delegations of the governments of Uganda and Sudan will meet as soon as possible with Joseph Kony, leader of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) rebels based in southern Sudan fighting against the Ugandan government, the New Vision newspaper reported on Tuesday.
t5344 China and the Vatican are seeking to block women's groups from attending the UN conference on women in Beijing this September, non- governmental organisations said. Hunched over her desk at the Missouri Botanical Garden, Cynthia Hong-Wa scrutinizes tropical plants found only in her homeland almost 9,600 miles (15,500 kilometers) away in Madagascar. The dollar was mixed against major currencies Tuesday as the risk appetite of investors was tempered by concerns over Greece's debt. The intrigue thickened in a wide-open Kentucky Derby Wednesday as Jerry Bailey was named as the rider of Castle Gandolfo, one of two Irish-based horses that presumably will run in America's most famous race. In a new offensive, animal rights activists are threatening a boycott of Canada's fish and seafood exports, over an annual cull targeting more than 300,000 seals which starts next week. But in neighborhoods north and south of town, graffiti, fights, vandalism and theft are commonplace. Two teenagers were wounded in a gang shooting this summer, and a 26-year-old woman died in a domestic incident involving gang members. Puerto Rico-born Benicio Del Toro says that although Hispanics have made gains in Hollywood, more work is needed to increase the presence of people with Latin American roots. Ethiopia is looking forward to receiving more investment from Turkey, said Prime Minister Meles Zenawi while meeting visiting Turkish Minister of State Mehmet Kececiler here on Wednesday.
t9764 The German mark fell sharply Thursday afternoon on the London forex market after the Bundesbank startled the market by cutting its discount rate by half a point to four percent, though almost all analysts had expected the bank to steer a steady rate course. A surge of suicide car bombings south and north of Baghdad on Monday morning killed at least 14 people and wounded more than 40 others, authorities reported. Two of three attacks were aimed at U.S. military targets, but there were no immediate reports on possible U.S casualties. Barcelona striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic is confident that if his side are faithful to their style of football then they do not need to be worried about the physical threat from Inter Milan and can turn around their Champions League semi-final tie. The fake was so sharp that Matt Harpring stumbled to the floor. The Boston Celtics' Paul Pierce glanced at his fallen defender and stepped back behind the 3-point arc, measuring his shot like a golfer on the green. Zambian police have suspended four officers who allowed an overloaded truck carrying 110 high school students to pass through a roadblock before it overturned killing 44 of them, a spokeswoman said Monday. Bush said the United States would spearhead an international fund to support Cuba, through such means as scholarships and Internet access, if it provides broad freedoms to its people. The first map to use the name America is coming to the Library of Congress. It is buying the 494-year-old chart for $10 million. The production and supply of tap water is the most profitable industry for overseas investors in China, official statistics showed.
t4985 Swedish Foreign Minister Lena Hjelm-Wallen will begin an official four-day visit to France March 18 for talks related to the European Union, the Swedish foreign ministry announced Thursday. Folded into the Rev. Frank Page's wallet is a yellow scrap of paper with the date and time he is to speak with yet another Republican candidate for the White House. NATO will hand over control of Kosovo's border to the locl police as the first step in transferring border security responsibilities, an official said Monday. There are pieces in the Sue Williams show at the Palm Beach Institute of Contemporary Art in Lake Worth that might make you feel embarrassed, as though you had been caught poring over a pornographic magazine. Indian legislation adopted Wednesday is partly aimed at bringing the country into line with a World Trade Organisation agreement that granted poor countries greater access to cheaper medicine. The absence of a working sprinkler system in the former Deutsche Bank Building was not an accident, city and state officials said Thursday. Shutting it off was a deliberate decision made by regulators well before workers started taking apart the toxic, flammable building. Francesca Schiavone, Italy's top hope in this WTA event, defeated Ludmila Cervanova of Slovakia 6-3, 4-6, 7-5 Wednesday to advance to the quarterfinals. Overseas travelers to China during the Ninth Five-Year Plan period is steadily growing, and will surpass the plan target, according to the China National Tourism Administration (CNTA).
t208 A young farm woman in southern China was forced to kiss her dead husband and sleep with his body by her inlaws, who blamed her for his suicide and wanted to bury her alive, a newspaper said Friday. Scores of people shed their clothes and rode through this seaside resort on their bicycles Saturday to promote cycling as an environmentally friendly mode of transport. A new Israeli military policy could see tens of thousands of people living in the occupied West Bank without permits deported or facing criminal charges, Israel's Haaretz newspaper said Sunday. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com A Rwandan family bound by the horror of genocide, neighbors torn apart by the Balkans wars and US gay couples hoping to marry take center stage at an international film festival dedicated to human rights which opens here Wednesday. Officials here and in Brazil pledged Friday to accelerate the return to Chile of a notorious child-pornography ringleader who was arrested last week in Brazil. A doctor was convicted Friday of stabbing his wife to death in a park in what prosecutors said was an attempt to keep her from exposing his secret life of porn and prostitutes. The Myanmar education authorities Thursday honored nine doctorate degree holders from three universities and institutes in the country, official newspaper The New Light of Myanmar reported Friday.
t6159 The dollar recovered against other major currencies in New York on Monday in a quiet market, thanks largely to intervention by the Bank of Japan and cover buying. Leaders of Malaysia's minority religions appealed Tuesday to the government to allow people to choose their faith, amid what they say is a deterioration of religious freedom in this Muslim-majority country. Carbon-curbing pledges under the Copenhagen Accord are likely to doom Earth to warming of three degrees Celsius (5.4 degrees Fahrenheit) or more, compared to the deal's target of 2 C (3.6 F), scientists said on Wednesday. Crucial White House positions and the upper ranks of several agencies, including the Interior Department and the Environmental Protection Agency, are held by appointees who, for years, worked in the energy industry, lobbied for it or defended its interests in the nation's courts. Several people were injured in a blast in the southern port city of Naples Friday, the ANSA news agency reported, adding that the explosion appeared to have been caused by a vehicle. When Ken Burns was working on his first professional documentary, in 1979, he pestered playwright Arthur Miller for an interview on its subject, the Brooklyn Bridge. Miller had written "A View From the Bridge," so Burns figured he would have wisdom to share about the stately span. But when Lucila's shy giggle petered out and her broad grin faded as the conversation turned away from her dolls and touched on her pregnancy. Following are the standings in the Asian Youth under-19 football championships after Saturday's matches (tabulated under games played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against, and points):
t3974 US retail sales fell 0.5 percent in February, after rising a revised 0.6 percent in January, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. Leaders of Sri Lanka's four major religions came together Friday to call for the government to accept responsibility for a recent wave of human rights violations as violence between rebel and military forces has worsened. Yemen has beefed up security measures around embassies and the country's strategic infrastructure due to the threat of attacks, the interior ministry said on Saturday. The Anaheim Angels beefed up their starting rotation and put together a solid starting lineup this offseason, but when it came to their bullpen, they went bargain shopping. It cost them, as they were swept in four consecutive games by the Seattle Mariners. The death toll from a Cambodian building collapse rose to seven Tuesday when one person died of his injuries and the toll was expected to rise further, an official said. R. Todd Williams, co-founder of Toad Hollow Vineyards and the older brother of comedian Robin Williams, used his own outgoing personality to help build his boutique winery into one of Sonoma County, Calif.'s best-known wineries. He has died. He was 69. The world's six largest medical journal publishers announced Monday they will give medical schools and research institutes in developing countries online access to their publications free of charge or at drastically reduced prices. Chief of the Indonesian National Police (Polri) General S. Bimantoro said here Wednesday his men still have no idea on the hiding place of the youngest son of former president Soeharto, Hutomo "Tommy" Mandala Putra who was found guilty in a high profile graft scandal.
t5264 Iranian pirates have seized up to 30 merchant ships in the Gulf, releasing some of them only after the owners paid a ransom, Llyod's List said Friday. In his five years as president, Alvaro Uribe has repeatedly denied accusations that he's been cozy with Colombia's murderous right-wing militias, whose thousands of victims include suspected rebel sympathizers and union activists. Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani, who has led Pakistan's coalition government since March 2008, is a consensus politician with a reputation for loyalty who commands respect across the political divide. These business stories for release Thursday, April 18, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Kyrgyzstan's top government official for ideology resigned Thursday amid ongoing opposition protests over a contested parliamentary poll, the presidency said. The woman accused of being the "D.C. Madam" now argues that the fact that Muslim men used her elite, Washington-based escort service before the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks might have played a role in the government's effort to prosecute her. When Brittany Frye went into a cow pasture last week to find some so-called magic mushrooms, it was a trip that nearly turned deadly. The Spanish government announced its decision on Monday to ban beef imports from France and Ireland, following recent cases of madcow disease in the two countries.
t7474 A witness in the O.J. Simpson trial said Thursday he could not account for the former football star's whereabouts for more than an hour the night Simpson's ex-wife and her male friend were slain. Two sons of a man accused of plotting to blow up fuel lines at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York are free on bail in Guyana following their unrelated detention on charges of illegal possession of ammunition, their lawyer said Wednesday. Asia's top-ranked team Australia was pitted alongside fellow World Cup finalists South Korea at the 2011 Asian Cup draw on Friday while three-times champions Japan will face Saudi Arabia. When Orson Welles made ``Citizen Kane,'' he was well aware that he'd earn the wrath of newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst, whose life and personality were the basis of the film. Welles had no problem painting the man as a vain, pompous fool, or mocking his pathetic relationship with Former World Cup champions France, who have only beaten the Faroe Islands and Cyprus in qualifiers so far, face Israel on Wednesday in a crunch game in European qualifying Group 4. If you were born in 1995 or after, the New York Yankees have been in the playoffs every year of your life. Fallout from tropical storm Allison and losses in the health care sector were expected to lower The St. Paul Cos.' second-quarter operating earnings, the company announced Monday. In a sudden legal maneuver that could spell more political trouble, lawyers for President Joseph Estrada filed Friday afternoon a motion in the Senate to dismiss impeachment charges against him.
t23 It turned out to be a good night to travel to Thursday's European Cup Winners and UEFA Cup first-leg quarter-finals. After 3 1/2 months of industry lobbying, congressional hearings and intensive Wall Street analysis, the public will have a chance to say whether it thinks the proposed merger of the United States' only two satellite radio companies is a good idea. Extra-time was needed in the FA Cup semi-final between Portsmouth and Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley here on Saturday after the teams were locked at 0-0 after the end of 90 minutes. Before he became chief executive of the Ford Motor Co., William Clay Ford Jr. made a point of joining the environmental camp. The European Union is set to delay membership talks with Croatia this week despite a last-ditch bid by Zagreb to show it is doing all it can to find a key war crimes suspect, diplomats said Tuesday. U-Haul International has had its share of courtroom dramas, but none quite like one involving its corporate sister, Oxford Life Insurance Co. A judge Friday refused to block the inauguration of Passaic's mayor-elect, saying the state waited too long to try to bar the former police officer from taking office because of a 1980 conviction involving the slaying of a drug dealer in Puerto Rico. Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh met director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Louis Freeh on Thursday in the port city of Aden.
t7740 Cyprus on Friday said 24 French missiles delivered here in three batches in 1994 were all still on the island and condemned reports that it had been used as a transit in an alleged arms deal with Iran. An environmental group accused the Malaysian government on Thursday of approving three plantations in what it says was supposed to be a protected area on Borneo island. The companies denied their plantations fall in the area. The World Health Organisation said Friday that it was investigating a confirmed polio outbreak in Tajikistan which has killed 10 children and marked renewed spread of the disease in central Asia. If you can believe the U.S. government planned the Sept. 11 strike on the Pentagon, that a missile and not a jet exploded onto its facade, and that President Bush had advance warning of the first attack in New York but alerted no one, then you are going to Pakistani passengers on the first bus service to link divided Kashmir in nearly 60 years wept Thursday as they embraced relatives they had not seen in decades in the insurgency-wracked hub of Indian-held Kashmir. Stocks kicked off the fourth quarter with a strong rally Monday, with the Dow Jones industrial average closing at an all-time high despite warnings from two major investment banks that they would be hit by substantial losses from the ongoing credit crunch. A 4-year-old U.S. peacekeeping training program for Africans opened its first multinational exercise, setting up a mock peace mission on a fictional African island. Following are the standings of the Chinese basketball league after Sunday's games (tabulated under games played, won, lost and points):
t7634 The British Army will suspend all routine patrols throughout Belfast on Saturday, the first time in more than 20 years that the Northern Ireland capital will be totally free of such patrols, it was announced Friday. Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has invited the Israeli, Palestinian and Jordanian leaders to attend a summit in Egypt next week, an aide to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Thursday. A series of five car bombings, three of them at Shiite mosques, and a sixth attack in Baghdad on Friday killed at least 32 people and wounded 85, an interior ministry official told AFP. The final statement of America's cardinals after their summit with Pope John Paul II, held in Rome on April 23 and 24, could have been predicted as they stepped off the aircraft after arriving in Rome. Four soldiers were fighting for their lives Tuesday after a landmine exploded beneath their jeep in Pakistan's unruly southwestern province of Baluchistan, the military said. National: AIRFORCE -- WASHINGTON -- While awaiting to be confirmed by the White House for a top civilian post with the Air Force last year, Charles Reichers was given a paycheck by a nonprofit defense contractor even though he performed no work; the arrangement by the Air Force might Bank-holding companies Wells Fargo &amp; Co. and KeyCorp. both reported second-quarter losses Tuesday. Wells Fargo attributed its loss primarily due to a hefty investment write-down, while KeyCorp took a one-time charge for loan losses. Diego Maradona should get a visa to enter Japan to watch the World Club Cup final in Tokyo, his representative said.
t6574 Turkey's defense minister said Tuesday that 200 Kurdish separatists had been killed so far in the day-old military sweep into northern Iraq, which he said was "successfully continuing." Saudi Arabia's foreign minister called on warring Hamas and Fatah to recommit to an accord sponsored by his kingdom to pave the way for the Palestinian unity government. Thousands of Pakistanis continue to flee Taliban-plagued northwest provinces every day, but money is running out to help the 1.3 million people displaced by fighting, aid agencies warned Wednesday. Stung by a lagging share price and waning investor interest, Russia's biggest oil producer, Lukoil, announced a program of cost-cutting and revamping on Monday that it said would bring savings of $500 million annually. Dead-ball specialist Andrea Pirlo was overjoyed after his two superb free-kicks took Italy a step closer to next year's World Cup in Germany. Oklahoma has earned the dubious distinction of being one of the five worst "language-loss hotspots" in the world -- places where native languages are going extinct the fastest -- according to a new analysis released Tuesday. Lance Armstrong teammate Christian Vande Velde was forced to quit the Tour de France on Saturday after breaking his left forearm in a crash on a slippery road. Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori will resign within 48 hours, Peru's presidential office said in a statement released early Monday in Tokyo, where Fujimori is currently negotiating loans with the Japanese government.
t3628 Eight people were killed and around 50 hurt, most of them by gunfire, in violent clashes Monday in Istanbul suburbs between Turkish police and angry Shiite Alawite protesters, the Anatolian news agency said. Vice President Dick Cheney's former top aide, I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, could be imprisoned within weeks after a U.S. judge ruled Thursday he will not delay Libby's prison sentence. South Korea's KJ Choi, who tied for fourth with Tiger Woods at the Masters last week, continued his strong play Thursday to seize the first-round lead at the Heritage. The comedian and actor Robin Williams has fired Michael S. Ovitz's company, the Artists Management Group, the latest blow to the troubled agency. The dollar traded at over two-week highs against the euro and the yen Monday on hopes that the US Federal Reserve would hint at more aggressive interest rate hikes when the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) unveils its latest decision Tuesday. We're purists when it comes to fresh tomatoes. After avoiding them for the better part of a year, we'll make up for lost time once they're finally in season, eating tomatoes every chance we get. Especially in light of our delayed gratification, we want to make sure the wines With a swan dive into the waiting arms of his crew, Dale Earnhardt Jr. played the part of the jubilant hero in white, filling the void left by his father, the beloved man in black. Nigeria's Major General Martin Luther Agwai has been appointed by U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan as deputy commander of the U.N. peacekeeping force in Sierra Leone, media here reported on Tuesday.
t2090 The Mexican government has evidence that a former prosecutor being held by US authorities obstructed the investigation of his own brother's murder to avoid disclosure of the former official's alleged lucrative links to a drug cartel, it was reported here Thursday. President George W. Bush pressed divided Republicans on Tuesday to support him on immigration overhaul, saying "the status quo is unacceptable." A local Russian television station has become embroiled in controversy after it announced that NATO forces had invaded Ukraine and were attacking Belarus, the Kommersant newspaper reported Wednesday. President Bush jumped into the Israeli-Palestinian crisis Thursday, demanding that Israel withdraw from West Bank cities, blasting Yasser Arafat and other Arab leaders for abetting terrorism and dispatching Secretary of State Colin Powell to try to defuse the fighting and push toward a political settlement. US stocks opened mainly higher Friday, helped by the positive tone on overseas markets and broker upgrades for Intel and Apple Computer, concerns about high oil prices kept a cap on gains. In the affluent Chevy Chase neighborhood here, the thefts began when the spring rains arrived. Copper downspouts vanished from the side of a house, causing its basement to flood. Later, someone was spotted pulling the gutters off another residence. Joe Torre told six other New York Yankees they were on the AL All-Star team Wednesday before summoning Mike Stanton into his office. Six Korean fishermen, who were saved by Chinese fishermen near the East China Sea on October 27, have been discharged from a hospital in Fenghua, a coastal city in east China's Zhejiang Province.
t3848 Russian border guards shot dead a suspected Tajik rebel crossing into Tajikistan from neighboring Afghanistan, Interfax news agency reported Tuesday. A message to visitors to Venice: No bare torsos in St. Mark's Square. No lounging on the monuments. And no feet dangling in the canals. Our scheduled story ex-Reykjavik has been delayed. We will give a new filing time on the 1400 GMT news advisory. What started as a debate among friends eating curry at a restaurant a few blocks from MIT has grown into an informal think tank bent on no less than reshaping higher education in Pakistan. And, this weekend, the alliance of Pakistani intellectuals who have come to call themselves ``The Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev will address the nation Tuesday over the ongoing unrest sparked in the ex-Soviet republic by a disputed parliamentary vote, a spokesman told AFP. Jose Padilla, an American once accused of planning to detonate a ``dirty bomb'' in this country, was found guilty Thursday in Miami on lesser charges of providing support to terrorist organizations abroad. Goran Ivanisevic claimed one of the most stunning championships in Wimbledon history Monday, beating Patrick Rafter in five sets after barely getting into the tournament. Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams met with British Prime Minister Tony Blair here Tuesday, and expressed the hope that the row over a ban on his ministers can be resolved.
t3969 US retail sales fell 0.5 percent in February, after rising a revised 0.6 percent in January, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. Oil prices were little changed Friday after rising overnight to a nine-month-high finish on worries about the U.S. refining industry's ability to meet peak summer gasoline demand. Danish airspace will remain closed until at least 2:00 am (0000 GMT) Sunday due to the massive cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland, aviation authorities said, as most airspace in the Nordic region also remained shut Satuday. Turco came on in relief in the third period of the Stars' 4-4 tie Wednesday against the Minnesota Wild and stopped all 11 shots he faced to preserve the one point. Interim coach Rick Wilson said the decision to start Turco and not Ed Belfour is a matter of Ghana's coach Rajomir Dujkovic has assembled his squad in Kenya for high altitude training ahead of Sunday's crucial World Cup qualifier against the Democratic Republic of Congo in Kinshasa. Egyptian security forces arrested the head of the Muslim Brotherhood's political bureau and at least 15 other Brotherhood officials Friday, leaders of the group said. The arrests were part of a continuing government crackdown on the Brotherhood, Egypt's largest opposition organization. President Vladimir Putin insisted that Russia should not revive the death penalty, saying Monday that only ``the Almighty'' has the right to take life. Among those sentenced to life imprisonment were three convicted of accepting bribes, including Chen Guorong, the former head of the Fujian provincial branch of the Bank of China, Zhang Yongding, the former head of the second regiment of the Fujian provincial marine police headquarters, and Chen Yuqiang, a former
t6728 Police have found a chemical substance that could be linked to Monday's Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway, Kyodo news agency said Wednesday. A newspaper ad denying that Japan's Army drove women into sexual slavery during World War II has increased momentum for a resolution demanding an official apology for the abuse, U.S. lawmakers say. Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Thursday condemned "satanic pressures" on Zimbabwe and his own country which he said were fighting to maintain their sovereignty, during a visit to Harare. Rebounding from a Game 1 pummeling, the Sonics shocked the San Antonio Spurs 98-90 last night at the Alamodome to even the first-round NBA playoff series at one game apiece. An earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter Scale struck beneath waters off Indonesia's eastern Maluku island chain early Sunday, but there were no casualties or damage, meteorology officials said. Coronado, 41, was accused of urging a gathering of vegans to throw firebombs. He was charged under a seldom-used federal law that makes it a crime to describe how to make an explosive device with the intent of encouraging a "lawless act." The leaders of South Asia nuclear rivals India and Pakistan opened formal talks for the first time in two years Sunday, with the white marble domes of the Taj Mahal a symbolic backdrop to their landmark summit. The World Bank is expected to grant 80 million U.S. dollars to Uganda to help the country fight against HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Kampala mission told Xinhua here on Tuesday.
t6355 President Fidel Ramos said Tuesday he had convinced Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong to postpone his scheduled official visit to the Philippines after Singapore hanged a Filipina maid despite Manila's appeals for a stay of execution. A small plane crashed in a mountainous region of eastern Spain Tuesday, killing one person aboard and injuring the other two, including a foreigner, the Interior Ministry said. US aerospace giant Boeing on Wednesday announced a drop in 2010 first quarter profits of 519 million dollars on slower deliveries. Most of the leadership of the Democratic Party and its liberal media voices distanced themselves from Israel in the midst of its defense against Arafat's war. Their echo-chambered furor caused George W. Bush to waver temporarily, but an outcry of moral dismay from Republicans stiffened his administration's spine. Chinese journalist and cyberdissident Zheng Yichun has been accused of "subverting state power" after the publication of a series of articles and essays in foreign journals and on the Internet, Reporters Without Borders (RSF) said Saturday. The fire continues to grow as winds reaching 20 mph pushed flames fueled mostly by brush and timber from one dry area in the forest to the next. A Victoria's Secret advertisement has raised eyebrows in this conservative state and been brought to the attention of Utah's porn czar. Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Lakshman Kadirgamar has said that the government would be cautious in dealing with separatist Tamil Tiger rebel's recent unconditional peace offer.
t9184 The United States embassy here Wednesday labelled the recent crackdown on indepedent journalists by the Indonesian government as "troubling" and "inconsistent with the principle of press freedom". Heavy rains and thunderstorms lashed Pakistan's southern city of Karachi on Saturday, killing at least 20 people and injuring dozens of others, police and rescue officials said. Bayern Munich coach Louis van Gaal saluted a masterful team effort after his side's convincing 3-0 victory over Lyon swept them into the Champions League final on Tuesday. Rachel Hollands sat barefoot on a faux leopard skin bench, holding a pink tennis shoe in her left hand. Her eyes browsed other models while she slid her foot into the backless sneaker. She noticed a buzz among the surrounding customers, and leaned over to catch the end of US and Iraqi forces are holding a record 17,000 men and women -- most without being formally charged -- and with those in Iraqi-controlled jails living often in deplorable conditions, said US and Iraqi officials. Net income in the third quarter dipped $936 million into the red, giving the San Jose, Calif ., company only its second loss. Earnings were dragged down by a one-time , $1.4 billion charge to write down the value of its Skype acquisition and settle its remaining financial obligations Shares of Microsoft Corp. dipped 3 percent in extended trading Thursday after the software giant warned that its fiscal first quarter earnings and revenues will fall short of Wall Street's expectations. The United Nations Development Program (UNDP) announced here Monday that it is expanding its civil protection program in Somalia for a further three years.
t3219 Robert Zemeckis, director of the Oscar-nominated box office hit "Forrest Gump," has snared his peers' highest honor: the Director's Guild of America's best director award. Prime Minister Bertie Ahern prepared for re-election Thursday atop a new coalition government of extremes, an outcome that stunned the experts and bore testament to Ahern's celebrated skills as a negotiator. China began pouring tonnes of food, clothes and other vital aid Friday into a remote Tibetan region rocked by a strong quake that killed nearly 800 people and left thousands without shelter. A general workers' strike called by labor and business leaders opposed to President Hugo Chavez, the mercurial Venezuelan leader, churned this country on Tuesday, shuttering stores and factories and slowing production at the state-run oil company. Saudi Arabia can increase oil production by 1.5 million barrels a day to help ease rising world crude prices, the kingdom's petroleum minister Ali Al-Naimi said Monday. The home-run king was on a steady regimen of performance-altering illegal substances. No, not Barry Bonds, who whacked No. 756 Tuesday night in San Francisco. I'm talking here about Babe Ruth, whose years of home-run production coincided almost precisely with the years that Prohibition was in effect, during which Tony Leswick, the feisty Detroit Red Wings forward who ended the 1954 Stanley Cup finals with a Game 7 overtime goal against Montreal, has died. He was 78. "Now it has become a trend in our country to have international consultation for urban development," said Zhou Ganzhi, an academician with the China Academy of Engineering and a senior architect consultant of the Ministry of Construction.
t1020 Malawi's High Court on Monday refused to grant bail to John Tembo, a former close aide of ex-president Kamuzu Banda charged with the murder of four prominent politicians in 1983. Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt's Liberal-Socialist coalition government will resign Monday, a day after conservatives -- led by Christian Democrats -- posted big gains in general elections. Chelsea seized control of the Premier League title race as Nicolas Anelka's goal clinched a 1-0 win over Bolton on Tuesday to leave the Blues four points clear at the top of the table. Hewlett-Packard Co. said Monday it would not renominate Walter Hewlett to its board of directors after the company co-founder's son sued to block its planned merger with Compaq Computer Corp. Polling results released on the eve of a US Congressional hearing into steroids in baseball showed grave concern by the American public and a desire for strong punishment for dope cheat players. A widely anticipated White House report on Iraq, set for release Thursday, argues that Iraq has made ``satisfactory'' progress toward nearly half of the political and military goals sought by Congress, while acknowledging that an equal number remain ``unsatisfactory,'' an administration official said Wednesday. Vice President Dick Cheney returned to work Monday with a new heart pacemaker in his chest. He was promoting the energy strategy he assembled for the administration and attending his usual series of White House meetings. Finnish President Tarja Halonen met here Tuesday with Wei Jianxing, a senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
t1315 Japan's battered rugby selectors have recalled Seiji Hirao, who retired after the last World Cup, and added a third Tongan to the squad for this year's World Cup. Fresh from launching this month, the Dubai Mercantile Exchange, or DME, could launch an initial public offering if its Middle East crude oil futures contract is a success. The exchange is also looking at consolidating regional commodities futures activity. Canada's trade surplus almost doubled from the previous month to 1.4 billion Canadian dollars (1.4 billion US) in February on the strength of industrial goods, Statistics Canada said Tuesday. During a recent trip to Valencia, we stopped in the new HomeGoods store and were pleasantly surprised with many of the offerings. The food department was small but filled with a treasure trove of interesting offbeat items like Roasted Sweet Chipotle Hot Sauce ($2.99 per 5-ounce bottle), Crunchy Caramel The woman suspected of murdering banker Edouard Stern, one of France's richest men, is a former fashion model who was his mistress for a number of years, the Swiss press reported Thursday. Former Rep. Randy ``Duke'' Cunningham, R-Calif., went to prison in 2006 for accepting bribes from defense contractors. Some of his associates are awaiting sentencing, while others are facing trial. Here's a glance at the status of the case: Tokyo stocks posted moderate gains Tuesday morning on the heels of an overnight advance on Wall Street. The dollar was lower against the yen. The British Consulate-general in Hong Kong organized a U.K. fashion show Thursday at Hong Kong's high-toned shopping mall Pacific Place.
t9587 A senior Chinese official urged Britain Thursday to stop being "obstructive" over the issue of Hong Kong's transfer of sovereignty, saying this was in the best interests of all parties. Israeli and Arab leaders gather Monday in a high-profile bid to prop up embattled Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas after he lost the Gaza Strip to Hamas, but Israel dampened expectations. The European Union's top trade envoy stepped up pressure on China for a stronger currency on Tuesday, saying it was in the interests of both sides for the yuan to appreciate. Style-struck New Yorkers are embracing Bollywood style. Lurid movie posters, movie stars and a Maharini's ransom of gold bangles, represent just some of the bounty trickling in from India. Bollywood-inspired style feeds ``a tremendous hunger for everything that is over-the-top, rowdy, gaudy and noisy, everything, in short, that is Former World Trade Organisation (WTO) director general Mike Moore Monday poured cold water on Vietnam's aspirations to join the group this year, saying "this is very difficult, this is not a done deal." Federal health officials are potentially wasting a stockpile of anthrax vaccine worth more than $100 million, according to a government report to be released Tuesday. IOC president Jacques Rogge reached out to his vanquished opponents Friday and counseled the United States on how to increase its power under the committee's newly elected leadership. Alvaro de Soto, the United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan's special advisor on Cyprus, reiterated here on Tuesday that Annan's invitation to Cyprus' two parties to the next round of Cyprus talks still stands.
t8829 The European foreign exchange market was steady and showed litle reaction to Japanese press reports that the Bank of Japan might cut interest rates next week, early on Tuesday. All banks are required to watch out for terrorist financiers, drug lords and money launderers -- but for small banks that can be a big burden. VHS tapes and walkmans may have been firmly cast into oblivion but another 1980s invention, the Post-it Note, is marking its 30th anniversary this month as popular as ever. Lenore Patricia Kroh Freudenheim, a flower arranging expert and author of four books on the subject, died on April 26 in Longboat Key, Fla. She was 97 and lived in Longboat Key. Confetti and cheers greeted Britain's Prince Charles and his new bride Camilla after their wedding in Windsor on Saturday as they shook hands with and chatted to hundreds of fans. Pentagon investigators thought they had discovered a major shipment of contraband when they intercepted parts for F-14 Tomcat warplanes headed to Iran, via FedEx, from Southern California. Under U.S. sanctions since its 1979 revolution, Tehran had been trying for years to illegally obtain spare parts for the fighters, which An exhibition of works by Friedl Dicker-Brandeis, a student of Germany's Bauhaus school who tutored Jewish children at a concentration camp, opened in the city where she began a career cut short by the Nazis. The Democratic People's Republic of Korea Friday condemned Japan for trying to raise the status of the Defense Agency to the level of a ministry.
t6558 British author Julian Barnes and historian Theodore Zeldin were among a group of foreigners to receive a prestigious French cultural award Tuesday. A group of about 100 lawmakers from Japan's ruling party claimed Tuesday that after a monthslong review they have determined the number of people killed by Japanese troops during the infamous "Rape of Nanking" has been grossly inflated. The eruption of Iceland's Eyjafjjoell volcano has lost nearly 80 percent of its intensity since the weekend, a spokeswoman for Iceland's civil protection agency told AFP on Wednesday. On a warm, overcast Saturday in the Houston area, thousands of people filled their ice chests, zipped up their fanny packs and headed to the San Jacinto Monument in nearby LaPorte to celebrate the 166th anniversary of one of the most important battles in our nation's history. Former world champions France dropped potentially precious points in their entertaining World Cup 2006 qualifier with group four rivals Switzerland which ended in a scoreless 0-0 draw here on Saturday. Indeed, the Republican ex-mayor of New York turned presidential candidate has had a great week. More on Rudy in a moment -- but first, Mukasey. On his second European trip in five weeks, President Bush hopes to rally the world's richest nations to fight AIDS, poverty and economic isolationism. Following are the standings of National Basketball Association teams after Sunday's games ( tabulate under wins, losses, winning percentage, games behind first place):
t5717 Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong has postponed an official visit to the Philippines scheduled for next month, the Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Sunday. A Croatian-Serb war crimes suspect arrested in Norway last year can be extradited to Serbia to face charges of committing atrocities during the Balkan wars in 1991, a Norwegian court ruled Monday. The winners of this year's Wimbledon singles' titles will net a staggering one million pounds (1.54 million dollars) in prize money after the All-England Club announced a significant rise in the rewards on offer at the grass-court grand slam on Tuesday. Pedro Carmona Estanga, the businessman who assumed the presidency for a day after President Hugo Chavez was forced out last week, said Thursday that there had been no organized coup. The public has only a lukewarm view of President George W. Bush, according to a new poll, giving him only 45 percent support three and a half months into his second term at the White House. The secular Palestinian party Fatah, routed in the Gaza Strip by rival Hamas forces nearly three months ago, has begun to use political protest and reassemble its armed wing in order to resist the Islamic movement's tightening hold here. New Mexico unexpectedly broke with the federal government and 17 other states Thursday, and resolved antitrust charges against Microsoft. The deal provided momentum for additional settlements in the historic four-year court case against the software giant. A senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC) said here Thursday that China wishes to expand exchanges with Dominique.
t9698 An 18-year-old schoolboy was Thursday found guilty in the Supreme Court here of the massacre of 11 people in an attack on a church on July 25, 1993. Oil prices fell Monday after labor unions halted a strike in Nigeria, where the work stoppage had shut down most major economic activity in Africa's biggest oil producer. US senators demanding answers on what caused the 2008 global economic meltdown were to grill Goldman Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein Tuesday on the investment giant's alleged role in the collapse. Until the very end, where you realize you've been sucked into watching a promotional spot, ``Woody Allen: A Life in Film,'' Saturday night on TCM, is a nicely amusing collage. Not terribly illuminating, perhaps, but a wry revisiting of all those great Woody Allen moments that are beginning to The European Union decided Monday against appealing a World Trade Organisation ruling on its dispute with South Korea over shipbuilding subsidies paid by Seoul, despite ongoing controversy over the outcome. Happy little learners filed out of school at midday, smiling in their furry jackets and clutching a parent's hand. It could have been anywhere in Ireland, except that almost every child had immigrant parents -- the vast majority of them black -- from places as distant as Angola, Congo The Cleveland Browns signed offensive lineman Tony Jones to a three-year contract Friday that brings the 13-year veteran back to the city where he started his pro career. Following is a list of the world 's 25 richest football clubs based on turnover, according to a survey of the 1998/1999 season.
t6185 Fourteen Turkish planes bombed Kurdish targets in northern Iraq on Monday and Turkish ground forces penetrated 40 kilometers (25 miles) into Iraqi territory as part of a major military operation against Kurdish separatists from Turkey, an army spokesman said. The chief U.S. envoy to North Korean nuclear talks called Tuesday for rapid progress in shutting down Pyongyang's bomb-making reactor when U.N. nuclear inspectors visit the communist nation next week. European stock markets closed lower on Wednesday as a fresh bout of nerves over Greek debt rattled confidence again and offset the positive impact of strong US corporate results, dealers said. The Federal Aviation Administration is looking into an emergency landing on Thursday by an American Airlines plane. The plane developed vibrations in its tail, which had been repaired immediately before the flight. The European Union on Friday called on the people of Kyrgyzstan to refrain from violence and behave "responsibly," while offering to cooperate with the ex-Soviet state's new leaders after the uprising there. British rocker, songwriter and bassist Nick Lowe is proud of being an elder statesman in the world of rock-and-roll and the head of white hair that goes along with it. The man who tossed a fluffy little dog to its death in a bout of road rage last year was given the maximum sentence Friday: three years behind bars. Three civilians were injured when an improvised bomb exploded Friday night in North Cotabato Province in the southern Philippines, a report of the ABS-CBN television said Saturday.
t4061 Twenty-three people have been killed and about 60 injured since Sunday in an Alawite district of this Turkish city, hospital sources said on Tuesday. The dollar rose to its highest in 4 1/2 years versus the yen Friday after the Bank of Japan governor hinted that an interest rate hike may come later than July. Hong Kong government surveyors who proposed historic status for a rare Italian renaissance mansion were left embarrassed after it turned out the house was a copy of one demolished 20 years ago. Country Joe McDonald says a security guard at SFO confiscated a serrated plastic knife from his belongings before he was allowed to board a plane recently to appear at a Philadelphia convention of the National Student Nurses Association. (McDonald was to sing for the nurses because he's a major Ministers, officials and experts from 20 countries in East Asia and the Pacific gather Wednesday in Cambodia for talks on the survival, growth, development and protection of children. Debating for the first time in Iowa, eight Democratic presidential hopefuls renewed their sparring Sunday over experience, Iraq and their ability to overcome the country's red-blue electoral divide. Faced with an ``abrupt'' economic slowdown, Corning Inc. announced Monday it will close three manufacturing plants and cut another 1,000 jobs from its photonic technologies division. The China Construction Bank ( CCB), one of the country's four largest State-owned commercial banks, is to establish its first national individual credit rating system, in a bid to ward off possible bad-loan risk in the booming personal loan market.
t5147 The death toll from violence in Karachi, Pakistan's economic capital, rose to more than 100 late Thursday after four people were shot dead in separate incidents, witnesses and officials said Friday. Tomas Berdych won the Gerry Weber Open on Sunday, beating Marcos Baghdatis 7-5, 6-4 at the Wimbledon warm-up tournament on the Cypriot's 22nd birthday. Fitch Ratings downgraded Thailand's currency rating outlook to negative from stable Monday, blaming heightened political uncertainty after a month of anti- government protests. Evidence continued to accumulate on Tuesday in Germany and elsewhere that the deadly explosion on Thursday at a historic synagogue in Tunisia was an attack rather than an accident, despite Tunisia's assertions to the contrary. UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on Wednesday said that the situation in Ivory Coast was in danger of spinning "out of control" if militias in the divided African nation are not controlled. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was quoted by state television as saying that despite economic sanctions by the United Nations, his country had "taken another step in the nuclear progress and launched more than 3,000 centrifuge machines." Given a lift by the first GOP president in eight years, the Republican National Committee raised a record $48.6 million in the first half of the year. Seven people were injured in a botched hijacking on Monday of a domestic flight in Iran, the country's Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA) reported on Tuesday.
t2500 Californians were bracing for a possible repeat of January's devastating floods, as authorities said that driving rains forced the evacuation of 350 people in the north and fierce winds killed one firefighter. Turkmenistan's president has ordered the reinstatement of the ex-Soviet republic's Academy of Science, abolished by his autocratic predecessor who died late last year, state media reported Wednesday. Four German soldiers were killed in Afghanistan Thursday and five wounded, Berlin said, in the latest bloodshed bound to fuel opposition to the unpopular mission. Last April at the 2001 Masters, Jack Nicklaus joked when he heard Augusta National officials were planning to lengthen the course . . . again. Indian batsman Rahul Dravid, who Saturday completed the feat of scoring a century in both innings of a Test match, said he was inspired by the example of former Australian captain Steve Waugh. It's no ordinary okay sign being flashed by John German of Altoona, Pa., but is produced by a bionic hand. New claims for state unemployment insurance rose last week, fresh evidence that some workers are having trouble holding onto their jobs in a weak economy. Singapore share soared Wednesday on robust gains by NatSteel Electronics following news that the U.S. firm Solectron Corp was to make a 2.4 billion U.S. dollars cash bid for the company.
t8289 In Amman a HAMAS spokesman denied any collaboration with the rightwing Likud, saying the Moslem fundamentalist group would continue an "implacable struggle against the Israeli occupation whatever government is in power". Strapped for cash and looking for a way to keep open her fledgling dog-training academy, Mary Stadelbacher hit upon a bizarre fundraising scheme. Al-Qaeda in Iraq is struggling to recruit volunteers for suicide bombings and other attacks, the US army said on Sunday, hours after the jihadist network confirmed the deaths of its top commanders. These business stories for release Tuesday, April 30, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. An Iraqi man who lived for nine years in Germany said he had been freed Friday after being abducted in March and paraded on videotape by his captors. Some parents were unhappy with a full-page, blood-splattered ad on the back of the Sept. 28 KidsPost page for children. It was for the Showtime cable series "Dexter," about "America's favorite serial killer." Readers also have frequently complained about ads with sexual content. And two recent General Motors advertising Maria Marrero of Spain defeated Denisa Chladkova of the Czech Republic 6-1, 6-3 at the Sanex Trophy tournament Wednesday in the only match played because of rain. The chairman of Mongolian State Great Hural (Parliament), Lhamsurengyn Enebish, will pay an official visit to Turkey on December 5-9, reported the Press Office of the Mongolian parliament on Wednesday.
t155 Foreign ministers and officials from 11 southern African countries met in Harare Friday to map out a new role for the Frontline States grouping which spearheaded African opposition to apartheid. Medics at a northern Gaza Strip hospital walked off their jobs for a few hours Saturday to protest the kidnapping and kneecapping of a doctor by Palestinian militants, the first physician targeted in months of deadly infighting. The United States and India said Monday they have reached an agreement on reprocessing nuclear material, clearing a major hurdle in putting into operation a landmark atomic energy pact. New York state has broken down elementary and middle school standardized test scores by race and ethnicity for the first time and found that white and Asian students do much better than black and Hispanic students in English and mathematics. Jesus Blancornelas, editor of the Mexican newspaper Zeta, will receive the Daniel Pearl prize, the Los Angeles Press Club announced Tuesday. An industrial lubricants program, bus replacement -- and the Grout Museum. A $12 million earmark in an emergency defense bill for ``industrial mobilization'' on the Iowa border. The Cleveland Indians put starter Chuck Finley back on the 15-day disabled with neck and shoulder spasms on Friday and activated set-up man Paul Shuey. Dumitru Diacov, president of the one-chamber Moldovan parliament, held talks with Wei Jianxing, a senior official of the Communist Party of China ( CPC), in Chisinau Friday.
t7690 Turkey's foreign ministry Friday played down the significance of a decision by its fellow NATO member Norway to suspend arms sales to Ankara after its offensive against Kurdish separatists in Iraq. Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi will visit North Korea in early July ahead of the expected resumption of six-nation talks on halting the Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program, Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said Thursday. Ratings agency Moody's improved its outlook on Iceland's debt from "negative" to "stable" on Friday, after the IMF approved a much-contested 160-million-dollar loan to the country, ending months of political bickering. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Orlando star forward Grant Hill is likely sidelined for the rest of the National Basketball Association season with a leg injury. The poverty rate in America hovers at just above 12 percent, but for African-Americans the figure is closer to 25 percent. Large percentages of black students drop out of high school. And by the time they reach their mid-30s, 60 percent of black men who had dropped out have Unions donated $40,000 to pay lingering debts from Gov. Bob Holden's million-dollar inaugural, two weeks after the governor granted them more influence in representing state workers. One of the highest ranking leaders in the Colombian del Valle drug cartel and two of his bodyguards were captured on Friday in Colombia, said the National Police.
t650 Five members of a humanitarian relief group were detained by Bosnian Serbs after straying by mistake into their territory, a UN Protection Force spokeswoman said here Sunday. At least five people were killed and dozens more feared trapped when a concrete warehouse roof collapsed Sunday in a busy market in northern India, police said. Greece welcomed an EU rescue package as a "safety net" on Monday and the government prepared to test the markets' initial positive response with a new debt issue. New York's state corrections commissioner announced Friday that he had banned the sale of artwork created by prison inmates, saying the benefits of such sales are not worth the anguish they cause to crime victims and their families. Forensic experts have identified the remains of 42 victims from an Afghan airliner which crashed near Kabul last month killing all 104 people on board, officials said. Boys were cannonballing into the pool at the casual backyard party Emma Charno held on Long Island to celebrate her eighth-grade graduation. She and her friends hopped away and clutched their skirts to keep water from splashing their dresses. A charter bus from Minnesota carrying about 45 teens and adults overturned near the summit of a mountain pass Saturday afternoon, injuring about 35 people. Chinese sociologists and medical experts today urged the whole nation to pay more attention to men's health and carry out proper medical treatment for male patients.
t8340 The House of Commons passed a law Sunday that would order some 30,000 striking Canadian railway employees back to work after they ground train transport to a halt for more than a week. A graduate student who was behind the wheel when Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist David Halberstam was killed in a car crash will be charged with misdemeanor vehicular manslaughter, a district attorney Thursday. The EU and International Monetary Fund will reach agreement with Greece on a financial bailout before Athens must seek billions of euros in private markets, Greek and IMF leaders said Sunday. Life changes minute by minute in the ancient and storied town of Bethlehem, but the Church of the Nativity remains the same. Aviation authorities canceled 134 flights at Rome's Fiumicino airport in two days as world leaders flew into the Italian capital to attend the funeral Friday of Pope John Paul II, they said. Two days after swimming 2.4 miles, biking 112 miles and running 26.2 miles, Hunter Lussi's legs were still stiff with every step. A deal can be reached to bring a global warming agreement into effect even without the United States on board, the chairman of negotiations said Wednesday, despite environmentalists' complaints that new demands are sabotaging the deal. Romania's gross domestic product (GDP) reached 510 trillion lei (20.16 billion U.S. dollars) in the first three quarters of this year, 2 percent higher than the same period of last year, official sources said Wednesday.
t6648 Renato Ruggiero, who on Tuesday became the only remaining candidate to head the World Trade Organization (WTO), has a long and distinguished career as a diplomat and politician. A Royal Caribbean International cruise ship resumed its voyage to Puerto Rico on Tuesday as Coast Guard crews searched for a passenger reported missing a day earlier. There may be many people who believe that as its first anniversary looms, this is a great moment to consign swine flu to the Book of Great Health Scares. Al Aksa Martyrs Brigades, a Palestinian nationalist group responsible for a number of suicide bombings in Israel this year and the only group to deploy women as bombers, said through a commander on Monday that it would not send more bombers into Israel to kill civilians. Indonesia's president on Sunday said his government's war on corruption had failed to make any major progress and graft was rearing its head in his own administration, reports said. Security screeners look for signs of stress, fear and deception in passengers. Here's how they might identify fear and distress, depicted in illustrations used by the Transportation Security Administration: About a third of the 28,000 police officers on strike for higher pay in Brazil's northeastern Bahia state agreed Saturday to return to work after days of lawlessness caused by their absence. The World Health Organization (WHO) assured on Tuesday that there is no need to impose restrictions to international travel to and from Uganda.
t9537 A Japanese court on Monday ruled that the firing of an HIV-positive man by his employer was invalid and ordered the company to pay compensation of six million yen (67,000 dollars) and unpaid salary to him. An explosion in southern Lebanon near the border with Israel injured five U.N. peacekeepers Sunday, a leading television station here reported. Radical US-Yemeni cleric Anwar al-Awlaki has appeared in a video apparently produced by Al-Qaeda's Yemen-based arm, confirming his ties with the organisation, a monitoring group said on Tuesday. Looking enviously at Asian tigers such as Taiwan and South Korea, which have become big exporters of high-tech goods, Brazil dreams of becoming a Latin jaguar. The Asian Development Bank said Monday it has approved 300 million dollars in its biggest ever single grant to help rehabilitate and reconstruct tsunami-ravaged areas in Indonesia. In college sports, the no man's land between professional and amateur athletics, it is no longer just the bowl games and stadiums that are for sale but even the players on the field. The killing of three Palestinians in the West Bank, apparently by Jewish extremists, drew condemnations Friday from Israeli leaders, Jewish settlers and the United States. Palestinians held Israel's government responsible. WASHINGTON, December 4 (Xinhua) -- Following are the standings of National Basketball Association teams after Monday's games ( tabulate under wins, losses, winning percentage, games behind first place):
t4422 Singapore is set to fine Barings for withholding information about the court record of trader Nick Leeson, whose failed deals brought down Britain's oldest merchant bank, reports said Wednesday. It is possible to shoot a low round in the U.S. Open at Oakmont Country Club. Paul Casey proved it on Friday. Red Bull were blown away by their rivals, Australian driver Mark Webber admitted after being outpaced by the McLaren pair of Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Barry Took, a zany shining light of postwar British comedy who put together the team that became Monty Python's Flying Circus, died on March 31 in London. He was 73. EU finance ministers agreed Tuesday that US nominee for World Bank chief Paul Wolfowitz is a "serious candidate," but said they want to hear his views in person, possibly in the next 10 days. A nasty fight between Sens. Ben Nelson, D-Neb., and Tom Coburn, R-Okla., over a controversial earmark has officially spiraled off the civility radar. Coburn has criticized Nelson over his $7.5 million earmark request for an Omaha defense contractor, 21st Century Systems, which employs Nelson's son Patrick. Moving tanks and bulldozers into a Gaza refugee camp early Tuesday, Israel demolished Palestinian homes it said served as cover for gunmen, triggering one of the fiercest gun battles since a truce was declared a month ago. Some 470 million in fake RMB currency was confiscated in a six-month nationwide crackdown on counterfeit money, which ended on September 30.
t7818 Scandinavia's men's and women's singles top seeds, Martin Lundgaard Hansen and Margit Borg, crashed out of the French Open badminton championships here on Friday. Tests have confirmed that hundreds of turkeys at a farm in the eastern Czech Republic died of the H5N1 bird flu virus, an official said Thursday. The pedophile priests scandal shredding the Catholic Church's reputation worldwide has been especially savage in Latin America, where half the religion's faithful live. The Israel Defense Forces says Boston Globe reporter Anthony Shadid, who was wounded in the shoulder last month during the Israeli siege of Ramallah in the West Bank, was not shot by an Israeli soldier but was more likely shot by a Palestinian fighter. A French national and US citizen were killed Thursday in a bomb attack on one of Cairo's main tourist areas that wounded eighteen others, officials said. I'm sure you've heard this before: Gin is back. It's one of the most overhyped spirits claims of the past few years. The May Department Store Co.'s 430 stores will be renovated to make their aisles, fitting rooms, bathrooms and telephones more accessible to disabled shoppers under a class-action settlement. Florida's Secretary of State Katherine Harris Sunday rejected Palm Beach County's request for more time to complete hand recounts of U.S. presidential votes.
t9730 Britain Thursday sided with Canada in its fishing standoff with Spain after the European Union, responding to conciliatory signals from Ottawa, backed away from its threat of trade sanctions on Canada. Robert Zoellick, President George W. Bush's former trade chief and No. 2 diplomat, appeared certain to win approval Monday as the World Bank's next president. The euro slipped further in Asian trade while the dollar moved in a narrow range Tuesday, with risk-averse investors cautious ahead of a two-day meeting of the US Federal Reserve, traders said. Mohan Singh Oberoi, who as a penniless hotel clerk in Simla, India, mortgaged his wife's jewelry to buy the first hotel in an international luxury chain that bears his name, died Friday at his home near New Delhi. World athletics' governing body, the IAAF, agreed Monday to tighten up on gamemanship by disqualifying any athlete making a false start in a race. Hard to keep up with the voting rights section of the Justice Department's civil rights division. Division chief John Tanner recently made some news with a fascinating analysis of how photo IDs for voters actually help minorities. Jacksonville Jaguars offensive lineman John Wade will miss the exhibition season because his fractured right foot has not yet healed, coach Tom Coughlin said. The Jordanian government on Wednesday denounced the shooting on Tuesday of an Israeli diplomat in Amman as an "intolerable" event.
t1621 The UN Human Rights Commission on Tuesday condemned Cuba for abusing "fundamental freedoms" and expressed deep concern over reports of arbitary arrest and mistreatment of human rights activists. A rocket-propelled grenade hit the home of Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas on Tuesday, in what Hamas said was an attempted assassination. The house was damaged, but Haniyeh and his family were not harmed. Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in Brazil late Wednesday to participate in bilateral meetings with the leaders of other emerging economies and a BRIC summit on Friday. A new high-tech coalition plans to ask federal regulators this week to free regional phone companies from the obligation to share new high-speed Internet connections with competitors. Crude oil futures leapt to an all-time record of 57.60 dollars a barrel at 1900 GMT on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Rudy Giuliani tried to win over leery Republicans here Wednesday with a pledge to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of conservative stalwarts Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia, but also insisted he would not use the issue of abortion as a ``litmus test'' in picking judges. Cendant Corp., owner of Days Inn and Super 8 hotels and Avis rental cars, got the attention of the travel industry with last month's purchase of Galileo International Inc., which books nearly a third of the world's travel reservations. Encouraged by a rise in U.S. stock prices, the bourse opened at 5,991.83, but due to profit-taking selling pressure later, share prices began to fall. The bourse fluctuated between 6,003.38 and 5, 804.92 in the session.
t4345 Japan's Itochu Corp. has taken a 30-percent stake in a 100-million dollar property development in Shanghai, the project's Hong Kong partner said Wednesday. Ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, attacking those who deposed him, said in a speech from exile Friday that he was being persecuted by his successors and would fight for his dignity. Defending champions Pakistan suffered a major blow Sunday when bowler Umar Gul and allrounder Yasir Arafat were ruled out of the ICC World Twenty20 later this month, an official said. Students at Princeton University say they are already relishing the prospect of attending lectures next fall by the scholar Cornel West, whose return to the faculty here after eight years in the Afro-American Studies department at Harvard was formally approved Saturday by the university trustees. A woman working for the US Agency for International Development was shot and wounded Tuesday while traveling in a relief convoy in western Sudan's embattled Darfur region, Sudanese and US officials said. The political tussle in India over a landmark nuclear cooperation deal with the United States has reached a fevered stage, prompting warnings that the dispute could topple the Indian government and force early elections. In a story sent July 9-10 about the upcoming Summer of Mercy protests in Wichita by anti-abortion activists, The Associated Press erroneously reported that former Operation Rescue leader Randall Terry advocated killing abortion doctors. Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano on Friday denounced the unfair treatment to Africa by some international bodies which demand an end to subsidies and protectionism in Africa, while turning a blind eye to the same thing in the northern hemisphere.
t8464 Burma's military leader issued a new appeal Monday for armed ethnic rebels to join the legal fold and promote peace and development through national reconciliation. Eleven people were killed in and around the Kenyan capital during a surge in violence overnight, including two people found beheaded and eight killed in a shootout, police said Friday. Communist rebels killed a government militiaman on Sunday in the latest incident of guerillas attempting to extort money from Philippine election candidates, police said. Frustrated by a standoff with Israel over a UN fact-finding mission to a Palestinian refugee camp, United Nations officials confirmed Monday that Secretary General Kofi Annan sent a detailed letter spelling out the mission to Israeli officials and that they hoped Tuesday for a definitive answer on whether the Pope John Paul II was laid to rest in Saint Peter's basilica Friday after an elaborate and emotional funeral rite attended by about one million people and watched by countless others around the world. But the Republican presidential candidate both are trying to outflank with the party's conservative base, Fred Thompson, likely quieted critics of his early campaign stumbles with a sure-footed performance in his first presidential debate. Strong indications of possible imminent terrorist actions against the United States in the Arabian Peninsula were reported Wednesday by the State Department. The European Union has granted Romania 30 million euro for upgrading the country's railroads, the European Commission Delegation in Bucharest reported on Wednesday.
t5960 Armed men opened fire on motorists near here late Sunday killing five people, including three Belgian nationals, diplomatic sources reported. China issued a last-minute demand Monday night that appeared to scuttle a compromise package that would have enabled the U.N.'s new human rights watchdog to launch investigations into some of the worst offending countries for at least another year. Communist insurgents killed four policemen and wounded seven other people when they ambushed a police vehicle just outside the Philippine capital on Tuesday, authorities said. Jennifer Blagg and David Loman, her brother, had a tradition. Whenever they got together, if the season and the time were right, they went fishing. Sometimes they caught fish, sometimes they didn't. Mainly it was their time to sit in a boat in the middle of a pond, talking A cluster of youths strutted down a street in central Bishkek, but as it neared a grocery store ransacked by looters it was met by a phalanx of around 40 men armed wa single shop," lamented Adil, a local taxi driver who had seen damaged businesses in several parts The Vatican announced Tuesday that it had accepted Ncube's resignation from his leadership post, which came after the Zimbabwean state media in July splashed photographs and video footage of a naked man resembling Ncube in what they called his "love nest." State media praised Beijing's presentation at the International Olympic Committee meeting in Moscow, and the Chinese capital prepared on Friday to celebrate what it hoped would be success in its bid for the 2008 Olympics. China's secondary market for T- bonds stayed narrow this week, and the slack is expected to extend through next week, as investors seem rather indifferent to adding bonds in their assets portfolios.
t2193 The United States is fully committed to a strong and stable dollar, and will intervene on exchange markets to defend it, but only when it makes sense to do so, Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin said Thursday. The House of Representatives voted Tuesday to give a new look to the Sacagawea dollar in hopes of reviving flagging interest in the 7-year-old golden coin. A strong earthquake killed at least 67 people and buried many others in northwestern China's remote Qinghai province on Wednesday, the government said. Stephanie Feola thought she hit an opossum in the roadway. She leaned out the door to check her tires, and saw a long green-black tail curling out from under her car. One week after the New York Giants declared they were out of the hunt for Plaxico Burress, the American football club signed the free agent receiver to a six-year deal here Friday. The pilots were primarily responsible for the fatal crash of a regional jet last year that killed 49 people at a Kentucky airport because they failed to notice obvious signs that they were headed to the wrong runway, safety investigators concluded Thursday. There may be plenty of salmon in the sea, but Northern California's fishing fleet is having a terrible time trying to catch them. Interpol's annual general assembly opened Monday on the southeastern Greek island of Rhodes with the participation of about 700 policemen from 130 countries all over the world.
t1685 Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama plans to express concern over China's recent expansion in the disputed Spratly Islands when he meets Chinese Premier Li Peng on Saturday, a daily said Wednesday. After the rarified air of the Group of Eight summit, German Chancellor Angela Merkel now faces the down and dirty world of domestic politics, where her diplomatic triumphs boost her ratings but can't plaster over the growing cracks in her coalition government. Belarus's hardline leader Alexander Lukashenko rapped Russia and the United States on Wednesday for failing to brand mass protests that led to the ouster of Kyrgyzstan's president a "coup." In opening negotiations again to buy Miller Brewing, South African Breweries may be seeking to insulate itself from the volatile emerging markets where it sells most of its beer, analysts say. US stocks wobbled to a mixed close Thursday as oil prices flirted with record highs, taking the spotlight away from big corporate deals and strong earnings in the brokerage sector. Summer is the perfect time for running around and having a blast. Don't forget to include your dog in the fun. Trying to close the books on an espionage debacle that rocked the FBI, the government struck a deal with ex-agent Robert Hanssen that would spare his life in exchange for a full confession detailing secrets he sold the Russians, people familiar with the case said Tuesday. Olympic gold medallists Germany beat host Britain for the 4,000 meters team pursuit title at the World track cycling championships in Manchester on Thursday.
t5728 The Indonesian government has turned up the heat on the press by backing moves to sack 13 independent journalists from their jobs, according to reports on Sunday. President George W. Bush on Monday pledged help and support to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, as the United States prepared to lift economic and diplomatic sanctions against his new-look government. A British woman has suddenly started speaking with a Chinese accent after suffering a severe migraine, she said in comments quoted by British media Tuesday. There's faulty logic here somewhere. In fact, since David Meister and Steve Bellamy are both involved, you can call it a double fault. The Marburg virus, an Ebola-like bug that has killed 98 people in northern Angola, has now spread to the capital Luanda, killing two people there, officials said. The man, Abu Mohammed Afri, was a leader of al-Qaida in Iraq, U.S. officials said, and was responsible for the synchronized bombings that targeted the Yazidi religious sect, a minority that is neither Muslim nor Christian. A $168 billion overhaul of federal farm programs, proposed Thursday in the House, would guarantee grain, cotton and soybean farmers a heavy flow of subsidies for the next 10 years. Preparatory work is going smoothly on China's huge energy project to pump gas from the west to the east, which is expected to equal the Three Gorges Project in cost.
t4079 Consumer prices in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) rose by 0.4 percent in January, leaving inflation over 12 months at 2.7 percent, the same as in January 1994, the OECD said Tuesday. Five U.S. soldiers died in Iraq, the U.S. military announced Friday, a day after extremists fired shells into Baghdad's Green Zone during a visit by the U.S. State Department's No. 2 official. Chhum Mey cheered Cambodia's Khmer Rouge foot soldiers when they came to power but now he weeps every day for his wife and children lost to Pol Pot's totalitarian regime. A U.S. Army finance clerk who drowned her small children last September in what she said was an attempt to avenge her husband's suspected unfaithfulness was sentenced on Friday by a military court to life in prison. Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika told the Arab summit Tuesday that peace with Israel, based on an initiative expected to be endorsed here, is of "strategic" benefit for the Arab world. In the wake of U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman's decision to allow Whole Foods Markets to buy its next-biggest competitor in the natural-foods business, you have to wonder whether the federal courts can be relied on any longer to enforce the antitrust laws. Outfielder Brad Wilkerson, a member U.S. Olympic team, was called up from Triple-A Ottawa by the Montreal Expos on Monday. Three civilians under 12 years of age were killed and another minor girl was grievously injured as a result of fresh unprovoked artillery assault by the Indian Army to the Pakistani side of the Line of Control (LoC) in Kashmir on Tuesday.
t4574 Celtic manager Tommy Burns was fined 1,000 pounds and banned from the touchline until the end of the season by the Scottish Football Association here on Wednesday. After yet another assassination, Lebanon's anti-Syrian politicians accuse Damascus of trying to end their rule by killing members of the parliament majority one by one. Shareholder meetings in Switzerland are usually rather uneventful and staid affairs: executives announce annual earnings and investors pass agenda items with overwhelming majorities. On the nearly empty streets of downtown Jerusalem, where many people fear to tread because of possible Palestinian suicide attacks, it was hard to find anyone Sunday night with a good word to say about the meeting between Secretary of State Colin Powell and Yasser Arafat. The crisis over the relocation from exile of Somalia's transitional government deepened Wednesday as powerful warlords said they would move to impeach President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed. A resident of West Hollywood since 1952, Young died Thursday of pneumonia at Brotman Medical Center in Culver City, his widow, Millicent Young, said Saturday. He had overcome lung cancer several years ago, she said. If you watch cable news networks, with the drumbeat of ``Where's Chandra?'' headlines, you'd think the disappearance of a Washington intern was all the country was talking about. The Sierra Leonean government and the rebel Revolutionary United Front (RUF) have signed a cease- fire agreement in a bid to revive the deadlocked peace process in the war-torn west African country.
t7197 US Defence Secretary William Perry on Thursday held talks in Qatar where Washington plans to store weaponry, amid Iranian accusations of scaremongering in a bid to sell US military hardware. When doctors told Lisa White she needed a kidney transplant to stay alive, she never expected her boss to sign up as a donor. South Korea's military believes that a North Korean submarine launched a torpedo attack to sink a South Korean warship last month near their disputed sea border, the Yonhap news agency said Thursday. A battery of new medical technologies is giving doctors better ways to see and understand what is happening to lumps inside the breast, offering women hope of quicker, more accurate detection of tumors and more targeted treatment after their diagnosis, leading surgeons told colleagues Wednesday at a national conference Two brothers drowned off the coast of the Canary Islands after they were caught by a huge wave while spreading the ashes of a deceased family member at sea, Spanish media reported Monday. The commercial broadcast and cable networks trailed substantially: CBS, in second place, won half as many awards, most of them for "60 Minutes." NBC and Discovery Channel followed with three wins each. Cinemax garnered two, and ABC and CNN each got one. Rick Schroder's advice is simple for Mark-Paul Gosselaar, the actor who's joined the cast of ``NYPD Blue'' now that he's leaving. Huang Ju, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee, met Thursday with President Chung Mong Koo of Hyundai Motor Group from the Republic of Korea (ROK).
t7070 British archeologists have found a complete Roman city built of white marble near the ancient Minoan site of Knossos on Crete, the Greek island's archeological service said Wednesday. Space shuttle Atlantis headed for Earth on Wednesday as its crew awaited the results of a final heat shield inspection. Europe's main stock markets dropped on Thursday as dealers reacted to public deficit developments in Greece and Britain and weakness for equities in Tokyo and overnight on Wall Street. Q: I mailed you a request in September for the words to the song ``Beer Barrel Polka.'' To date I have not seen the answer in the paper. Is there a charge for your work, or have you not found the answer? Please advise why you do not answer Laos and Thailand have agreed to speed up talks on settling land border issues and to start working on river borders, a Lao official said Monday. But that didn't stop the Manhattan Beach money manager from giving his clients this advice last week: Buy housing stocks. An American business professor convicted of spying for Taiwan will be expelled from China later this week, a human rights group said Monday. The Florida Supreme Court unanimously ruled on Tuesday that state elections officials must accept amended presidential returns as late as this Sunday or Monday, a spokesman for the court announced.
t9617 A UN military post manned by Nepalese troops in south Lebanon was hit by shrapnel from mortar shells fired Thursday by the Israeli-backed South Lebanon Army (SLA), but there were no casualties, the UN said. An explosion in southern Afghanistan on Sunday killed a British soldier and injured four others, the Ministry of Defense said. Banco Popular, Spain's third-largest bank, posted Tuesday a 9.2 percent drop in first quarter net profit as it continued to set aside more cash to cover bad loans driven by a deep recession. Generations of readers have pored over the Kama Sutra, the ancient Hindu text of erotic love, scanning it, sometimes furtively, for descriptions of exotic sexual practices. But now a new translation offers a radically different view of the famous sex manual, and argues that the most widely read English At least 15 people died after an eight-storey factory in Bangladesh collapsed following a boiler explosion and up to 200 others were believed trapped, officials said Monday. There's electricity in the air. Sarah Vaughan is in the room. So is Lionel Hampton, Bessie Smith and Ray Charles. Present is Willie Mays. So are Jack Johnson, Joe Louis, Jessie Owens and Jackie Joyner-Kersee. Everybody will know Shelley Long and Bebe Neuwirth's names when the former ``Cheers'' co-stars reunite this fall for the one-hour season premiere of ``Frasier.'' French foreign minister Hubert Vedrine will visit Israel, Palestinian territories and other Arab countries as representative of the European Union (EU), from December 13 to 15.
t7062 After more than a year in the top 10, Kimiko Date is now a role model for her up-and-coming compatriots on the women's tennis tour. Nokia Corp. unveiled plans Wednesday to reorganize its corporate structure next year, saying the move would help it take advantage of new opportunities in the convergence of mobile communications and Internet technologies. Vietnam has jailed four people it accused of associating with a banned opposition party and opposing the communist regime, official media said Thursday. The placard on the Town Car parked in front of Marina Place declares that its owner survived Pearl Harbor. The sedan serves as an emblem of sorts for an assisted-living facility that is home to aging members of a GI generation that fought a war, tended the home fires, Malaysian share prices closed 0.23 percent higher Monday, supported by mild gains in blue chips despite concern about near-record oil prices, dealers said. During the late 1930s and early 1940s, the two made a series of "barnyard musicals" produced by Arthur Freed at MGM. On Tuesday, Warner Home Video is releasing four films in the tune-filled "Mickey Rooney-Judy Garland Collection " on DVD. And what captivated audiences 60 years ago is as The Bank of Japan lowered its view of the economy Monday, acknowledging in its July report that problems were worsening amid falling production and exports. Brazil made the first step toward defending their soccer indoor World Cup title by whitewashing Portugal 4-0 in a Group A match at Guatemala City on Tuesday.
t9595 The Indian parliament was in bedlam Thursday as the opposition and the ruling Congress (I) party traded charges over a Hindu leader's threat to expel Bangladeshi Moslem immigrants from Bombay. Five U.N. peacekeepers were killed Sunday and three others wounded in an explosion targeting U.N. troops in southern Lebanon, Spain's defense minister and Lebanese military officials said. Real Madrid's veteran midfielder Jose Maria Gutierrez, more commonly known as just "Guti," is to leave the club at the end of the season to wind down his career in Dubai, Onda Cero radio reported on Tuesday. In the latest blow to Vivendi Universal, Moody's Investors Service cut the rating on Friday on the company's long-term debt by one notch to near junk levels. Moody's expressed concerns about Vivendi's ability to reduce its debt load. An anti-graft court on Monday blocked a request by Joseph Estrada supporters to allow a star-studded birthday party for the deposed Philippine president to go ahead. How times have changed. French President Nicolas Sarkozy will address a joint meeting of Congress on Nov. 7, signaling the fulsome transformation of relations between Washington and Paris. Hal Gill, a 6-foot-7 defenseman with the Boston Bruins, agreed to a two-year contract Friday and averted an arbitration hearing. "Mercenaries heading for Chechnya enjoy privileged treatment in Georgia, they can obtain a visa directly in Tbilisi airport," Kozlov said.
t3353 Chinese film star Gong Li had angry words for a photographer who snapped a picture of her while she was shopping at a luxurious boutique with her new boyfriend, a press report said Monday. A bomb blast during a soccer match in Thailand's insurgency-wracked south Thursday wounded 14 police officers who were on duty to provide security, police said. Belgian airspace will remain closed until at least 10:00 am (0800 GMT) Saturday due to the continued threat from a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland which has swept across Europe, an official said. An abandoned Montana copper mine turned Superfund site. A landfill on the blighted south side of Chicago. The site of a defunct Texas cement company. Thai authorities warned Monday that the drought hitting the country could take a toll on the country's most popular event, the traditional Thai new year Songkran water festival. New York City had entirely too much going on in 1977. On the heels of the feds' ``drop dead'' response to urban decay, came a blackout, a serial killer, a bitter mayoral race and, oh yeah, a Yankees championship and the Ramones. ``NY77: The Coolest Year in Hell'' (Saturday Christa Samaras scored the first of her four goals just 49 seconds into the match, and the United States began defense of its lacrosse World Cup title with a 17-1 victory Saturday over Wales. The general price index at Tehran Stock Exchange closed at 2,731.71 points on Sunday, up 7.42 points from Saturday's finish.
t4451 The United States said Wednesday it would not oppose Russia's sale of nuclear reactors to Iran if Tehran agreed to get rid of the spent fuel. Peter Fowler, Marcus Higley and Carl Suneson shared the lead Friday with 5-under par 137 after two rounds of the Saint-Omer Open. Nico Rosberg praised his Mercedes team for making a bold -- and vital decision -- on tyre choice in the early stages of his excellent run to third place in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Thirty hours after an interim government forced the populist president of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez, from power, his loyalists pushed hard Saturday night and seemed on the verge of staging a comeback. EU leaders were set Wednesday to reaffirm their bid to whip Europe's lackluster economy back into shape, despite fears that measures to reform the European Union's vast services sector will cost jobs. The sign outside Accotink Unitarian Universalist Church in suburban Burke, Va., announces that it is a "liberal, welcoming religious community." For Rep. Tom Davis on Thursday, it was more liberal than welcoming. Tel Aviv residents bought stores out of bottled water and filled buckets at street-side water trucks after the government warned their tap water was too badly contaminated to drink. A bomb exploded near the walled Old City in east Jerusalem Friday morning, slightly wounding an Israeli policeman on the scene, police said.
t2343 But once he had established himself, Marshall retrieved with immaculate control and his grip on the match, which lasted 56 minutes, strengthened as the match progressed. Indonesian police have arrested the alleged leader of Jemaah Islamiyah, the Southeast Asian terror group blamed for the 2002 Bali nightclub bombings and a series of other attacks in recent years, a spokesman said Wednesday. US President Barack Obama said Thursday he is aiming to send US astronauts into Mars orbit in the mid-2030s as he sought to quell protests over his earlier space policies. About five hours later, Alex Corretja spoiled the partisan crowd's drive home, though, with a stunning grass-court upset of the seven-time Wimbledon champion Pete Sampras. Corretja, who had previously won only three matches on grass in his 12-year career, rallied to beat Sampras, 4-6, 4-6, 7-6 (4), 7-5, 6-4, Vietnam will compensate Thailand for delaying import tariff cuts on auto parts agreed under a Southeast Asian plan, state press reported Saturday. Presidents have been resisting requests from outside the executive branch since George Washington. Some examples of how recent presidents have invoked what Dwight Eisenhower first called ``executive privilege'': Guatemalan President Alfonso Portillo assured President Bush on Thursday that his country is ``in a healing process'' on human rights matters as it undergoes its most extensive reform in more than 50 years. Norway's visiting Defense Minister Bjoern Godal believes that two onboard explosions caused the sinking of the Russian submarine "Kursk," the Polish news agency reported Monday.
t8729 Russian authorities Monday detained some 100 refugees without passports after they were expelled from Latvia, before sending them off again in the direction of Ukraine, ITAR-TASS news agency reported. Iran's chief nuclear negotiator said Friday his country was ready to compromise on its contentious atomic program, but offered no specifics as he headed into a meeting with the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency. The White House said Monday it was "encouraged" by "productive" talks held in the Middle East by US envoy George Mitchell, amid a fresh flurry of diplomacy aimed at reviving peace moves. The business practices of the nation's two biggest groups that negotiate contracts for hospital products were sharply criticized Tuesday by lawmakers from both parties who threatened congressional action if they did not reform themselves. State-owned airline Cyprus Airways is gradually to close down its loss-making Athens-based subsidiary Hellas Jet, Cypriot Communications Minister Haris Thrassou said on Saturday. Former vice president Al Gore and a United Nations panel that monitors climate change were jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize Friday for their work educating the world about global warming and pressing for political action to control it. The European Union's head office introduced proposals aimed at cutting in half the time it takes to get new medicines to patients and slightly easing the ban on public advertising for prescription drugs. The Zimbabwean government Friday gazetted the Sexual Offenses Bill which aims to protect the country's youth and mentally handicapped from sexual abuses.
t4570 Leading European stock markets were a mixed bag on Wednesday, as stock prices rose slightly in London and almost half a percent in Paris, but plunged in Paris and Milan. Scientists investigating a mysterious ailment that has killed many of the United States' honeybees are focusing on pesticides and microorganisms as possible causes, and some beekeepers are refusing to place their hives near chemically treated fields. China's President Hu Jintao arrived Sunday in the remote northwest region hit by a strong earthquake to inspect relief efforts as the death toll rises to more than 1,400, state television reported. Retief Goosen chided himself for poor iron play. Vijay Singh, for a second consecutive day, blamed his Masters meltdown on a muddy golf ball. Japanese share prices closed 0.87 percent lower Wednesday after the US Federal Reserve shook up Wall Street with a warning on inflation, dealers said. The Democratic National Committee sought to seize control of its unraveling nominating process Saturday, rejecting pleas from state party leaders and cracking down on Florida for scheduling a Jan. 29 presidential primary. Police have asked Rep. Gary Condit to take a lie detector test and submit a DNA sample, and they plan to search his apartment for clues to the whereabouts of Chandra Levy, Washington Police Chief Charles Ramsey said Tuesday. China's State Drug Administration (SDA) announced Saturday that it will launch a nationwide campaign from now until Spring 2001 to fight against fake drugs and low quality medical apparatus.
t3701 Philippines President Fidel Ramos was in London Monday at the start of a five-day official visit that was to include meetings with ministers, business leaders and Queen Elizabeth II, government sources said. Colombia's defense minister warned Thursday that cocaine production would rise sharply if Democrats in the U.S. Congress proceed with plans to cut military aid to the South American nation, the world's largest producer of the drug. All seven airports in northern Spain closed due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland reopened Saturday after about one hour because the skies in the area have cleared, aviation authority AENA said. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. InterActiveCorp, the e-commerce group headed by mogul Barry Diller, said Monday it was buying Ask Jeeves, a website using a butler as its symbol, in a sign of growing interest in the Internet search business. Richard Cohen figured you could find just about anything you wanted these days, no matter how elusive or obscure, in the quick zip of an Internet search. So, with his health declining and all other options failing him, he typed into Google: I need a kidney. Tokyo stocks fell in early trading Monday following a sell-off on Wall Street on Friday. The dollar was higher against the yen. The Paris prosecuting office has launched a "preliminary enquiry" into doping allegations about the U.S. Postal cycling team, whose leader is double Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong.
t1277 Japanese companies are finding few countermeasures to deal with the adverse impact of the yen's surge on their business performances, an economic newspaper survey showed Tuesday. The Bush administration cannot legally detain an immigrant it deems an al-Qaida sleeper agent without charge and must allow him to be released from military detention, a divided federal appeals court ruled Monday. Her husband was often a politically divisive figure in life, but Poland's late first lady Maria Kaczynska is mourned by her country for her simple warmth and positive character. In a key boost for adoption of ``short messaging services'' by US cellphone subscribers, Verizon Wireless, the country's biggest cellphone carrier, is committing to enabling its 29 million subscribers to send short messages to other carriers' customers. A French tax inspector has admitted to inadvertently destroying the tax returns of prominent public figures including the daughter of French President Jacques Chirac and two former prime ministers, police said. As an experienced movie editor, Mia Goldman sifts through a story's scattered fragments and pulls them together into a coherent whole. California issued a power alert Monday, triggering price caps in 11 Western states for the first time since the caps were imposed by federal regulators two weeks ago. Iran will dispatch more pilgrims to visit Shi'ite Muslim holy sites in Iraq in accordance with an agreement reached between the two neighbors, the official IRNA news agency reported Thursday.
t4028 One of the senior figures in Hong Kong's biggest corporate bankruptcy pleaded guilty Tuesday to charges of conspiracy to defraud the Malaysian-owned bank for which he once worked. Russia's security agency said Friday that it has opened an espionage investigation in connection with claims made by Andrei Lugovoi, the British prosecutor's chief suspect in the radiation poisoning death of former agent Alexander Litvinenko in London last year. Sirens wailed and church bells rang across Poland Saturday at 8:56 am (0656 GMT), the exact time a week ago when a plane crash in Russia killed the Polish president and 95 others. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com A Romanian disabled students organization Tuesday said it had sued a professor alleged to have publicly glorified discriminatory Nazi policies against the handicapped. A waterlogged North Korea was forced Saturday to postpone plans to hold a milestone summit with South Korea this month, an unusual admission from the secretive state that it is having trouble coping with havoc caused by this summer's heavy rains. Bolivian Foreign Minister Javier Murillo expressed optimism Monday that President Hugo Banzer will be able to overcome lung and liver cancer. Pakistani police have succeeded in recovering three abducted women and arrested 24 accused after an encounter in Faisalabad of Punjab province, according to the Associated Press of Pakistan (APP).
t3929 The government held an unprecendented meeting in south Lebanon on Tuesday in a show of solidarity against Israel's occupation of a border strip, as Israeli shells crashed onto nearby fields. Dominic Oduro scored in injury time to give F.C. Dallas a 1-0 victory over Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer on Thursday. Poland is grateful to Russia for its help after last week's air crash which killed president Lech Kaczynski and 95 others, interim leader Bronislaw Komorowski told a memorial service Saturday. The officers and directors indicated they will try immediately to begin drawing on the company's nearly $450 million in liability policies. EU plans to free up Europe's vast services sector should not lead to "social dumping," the bloc's presidency said Tuesday, seeking to allay concerns notably in France. What's better than ice cream? Ice cream and root beer. On Aug. 19, 1893, Frank Wisner, owner of a soda shop in Colorado, made the first root beer float. Inspired by the snow-capped Cow Mountain, Wisner called the drink Black Cow Mountain. It later was shortened to Black Cow. Greece's consumer price index came in above market expectations Monday, rising to 3.9 percent year-on-year in June compared to 3.6 percent in May. Agreeing with Hu's comments on bilateral relations, Hierro, also president of Uruguay's National Congress, said that various circles in Uruguay have a friendly sentiment toward China. Hierro also said that frequent high-level exchanges of visits in recent years pushed forward Sino-Uruguayan economic and trade cooperation, adding that his country
t9340 It seemed to take forever to get the cast and backers together, but Hong Kong director Mabel Cheung's ambitious biographical saga of China's powerful Soong sisters is finally under way. About one in 12 families in the United States do not have a bank account, and for the poor the rate is as high as one in four, according to the Federal Reserve The number of Roman Catholics soared by a third in Africa from 2000 to 2008 but stagnated in Europe, according to figures published Tuesday by the Vatican. It's an end-of-week tradition treasured by college students across the country: Tap the keg, turn up the stereo, and forget about exams and grade-point averages. Belgian Tom Boonen claimed his second major one-day classic title in as many weeks after a sprint finish to win the 103rd edition of the Paris-Roubaix, the 259km seventh race of the ProTour series here on Sunday. Grief, as we all know, sucks. Painful, harsh, endless, spiritually debilitating, it reduces us to almost nothingness. But sooner or later, we find a use for it, or we die. Two new films, "Things We Lost in the Fire" and "Reservation Road," examine the uses of grief by people Indonesian President Abdurrahman Wahid has postponed imposing a state of emergency, which was to take effect Friday, his top security minister said. Fearful that the brain- wasting bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) or mad cow disease would spread from the European Union countries to their lands, the governments of Sweden and Norway have announced new steps to prevent contamination of the disease.
t123 South Korea is redoubling its efforts behind Kim Chul-Su, Asia's candidate to head the new World Trade Organization (WTO), despite an American call to restart the entire selection process, foreign ministry sources said Friday. Former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui reiterated his stance that the island is independent of China, and slammed Beijing over its criticism of his visit to a Tokyo war shrine, as he wrapped up a visit to Japan on Saturday. A Polish military plane carrying home the body of President Lech Kaczynski from Russia was delayed Sunday, the country's defence ministry said. As awful as the news of priests forcing sex on altar boys is, to many of the faithful who sit in a pew each Sunday, the reaction of Roman Catholic Church leaders is even more shocking. After all, individual instances of sexual depravity are not unfamiliar to the church. In a historic ruling, the Danish Supreme Court on Tuesday decided to expel two young Turks, convicted of murdering an Italian tourist, from Denmark for life even though they have lived in the Scandinavian country their entire lives. President Alvaro Uribe on Thursday accused Colombia's largest rebel group of killing 11 civilian hostages, just hours after the guerrillas implied that a botched military rescue operation was to blame for the deaths. Premier Silvio Berlusconi's holding company, Fininvest SpA, on Friday denied the conservative media mogul falsified its financial accounts as alleged by prosecutors seeking to open a new case against Berlusconi. Taiwan stocks closed sharply higher on Friday, prompted by a strong rebound in U.S. stock prices, according to local media.
t5396 At least 22 people were killed and 32 injured when a carrying passengers to a festival at Cuernavaca plunged off a cliff Friday, Red Cross officials said. Oil prices held steady around US$68 a barrel in Asian trading Monday on lingering concerns U.S. gasoline supplies are still not meeting peak summer demand. London's Heathrow airport said Tuesday it had reopened after a five-day airspace shutdown and a flight had arrived from Vancouver. The family of the late Nigerian dictator Sani Abacha, who has been accused of looting national assets during his military rule, will return $1 billion to Nigeria, the Swiss government said on Wednesday. Belgian chemical and pharmaceutical group Solvay said on Thursday it was buying French laboratory Fournier Pharma for 1.3 billion euros (1.69 billion dollars) in a "major strategic decision" in the field of cardio-metabolic research and treatments. During her recent vacation at the family ranch near Crawford, Texas, first lady Laura Bush was reading news articles about the ongoing strife in Myanmar, where the military regime has been arresting dissidents and protesters in large numbers in recent weeks. When she returned to Washington last week, she President Bush wants to help Medicare patients obtain prescription drug discounts, and he is proposing a $35 million public-awareness campaign on the initiative this fall. The 12th Volvo Women's Open enters the second round Wednesday in Thailand's resort city of Pattaya, over 100 kilometers south of Bangkok.
t1758 UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali on Wednesday urged the United Nations bureaucracy to take the lead in giving women full equality with men. Iraq's prime minister met Tuesday with a senior U.S. diplomat and promised progress on legislation aimed at promoting national unity, his office said. French prosecutors on Wednesday opposed a US request to extradite an Iranian engineer accused by US authorities of buying sensitive technology and illegally exporting them to Iran. The hearings over the Microsoft antitrust case returned on Wednesday to what has been the most hotly contested question since the government filed its suit four years ago: Can a court tell the company how to design its own software code? Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig promised before US lawmakers here Thursday that he will suspend all players who test positive for steroids and make their identities public. Shirley Slesinger Lasswell, a brand-marketing pioneer whose battle with Walt Disney Co. over royalties generated by Winnie the Pooh merchandise was one of the longest-running court sagas in Los Angeles County history, has died. Her family said she was 84. President Bush will nominate California banker James Gilleran as director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, White House officials announced Tuesday. The current director agreed to resign but lodged an objection first. The storm that lasted for several hours at a speed of nearly 170 kilometers per hour was accompanied by heavy downpour and tidal surge.
t2064 The Pakistan authorities on Thursday condemned "aggressive" statements of Russian ultra-nationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky who called on India to annexe Pakistan. The clubby staff lounges of British universities and the raucous meeting halls of labor unions have long shared a sympathy to the Palestinian cause that has found expression in recent weeks with a series of well-publicized calls to boycott Israel. A former top military adviser to the French government got a 10-month suspended sentence for downloading thousands of pornographic images of children, some involving babies of six months. Just a few months ago, Mayor Michael Bloomberg was a most unlikely player in the Republican Party. But in his first three months of office, Bloomberg has made notable efforts to ingratiate himself with the party that he joined to win the mayoralty. US President George W. Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon at his Texas ranch on April 11, the White House announced Friday. Smithsonian museum stores are lackluster, underperforming and poorly organized, and the business unit that oversees the retail division is in ``substantial turmoil,'' outside consultants told the museums' managers in a confidential report. Mothers who have had a Caesarean section increase their chances of rupturing their uterus if they attempt vaginal delivery during their next pregnancy, especially if labor is induced, according to a new study. The Index, introduced in August 1995, tracks the overall performance of 49 China's state-owned enterprises listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
t70 US and Vietnamese officials are holding talks over the future of 270 Vietnamese migrants in the Philippines who have been refused admission to the United States, the foreign ministry said here. A capsule look at 20 top players in the U.S. Open, to be played June 14-17 at Oakmont Country Club. Listed in predicted order of finish: Iraqi President Jalal Talabani held talks in Saudi Arabia on Sunday as politicians in Baghdad feuded over the formation of a new government following an indecisive March 7 general election. President Bush Wednesday signed into law the most sweeping campaign finance reform in 30 years. The moment was wholly devoid of pomp, circumstance, and Senator John McCain. Macedonia has officially protested to Greece after a plane carrying Prime Minister Vlado Buckovski was prevented from flying over Greek territory, a government spokesman said Tuesday. A Washington Post article contained incorrect information about the status of the passports of Michael Dobbs's family. The writer was unaware that his older daughter had received her passport the day before the column was published.(His younger daughter received her passport on Monday.) A NASA spacecraft is set for launch this weekend on a mission to study the oldest light in the universe: the afterglow of the Big Bang. At least five Palestinians were killed in Friday's bloody clashes with Israeli soldiers, Palestinian's Jerusalem Media and Communication Center said a short while ago in a news briefing.
t4129 Nine French UN soldiers were killed and four seriously hurt Tuesday when their half-track slid off a mountain road and fell into a ravine outside Sarajevo, the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) said here. Belgium, which currently holds the presidency of the U.N. Security Council, said Friday that a peacekeeping force for the Gaza strip would stand no chance of success under the current circumstances. US Defense Secretary Robert Gates admitted Sunday sending a memo to the White House in January about Iran's nuclear program but denied a report that it was as a "wake-up call." Republican lawmakers and a conservative group on Friday blasted Rep. Cynthia McKinney, D-Ga., for alleging that the Bush administration had advance knowledge that terrorists would strike on Sept. 11 but failed to prevent the attacks. Arab leaders spelled out conditions for peace with Israel at the opening here on Tuesday of a two-day summit expected to revive a plan to normalise ties with the Jewish state and discuss sluggish reforms. The Marine Corps announced Monday that it has charged a Marine sergeant with murder in connection with the killing of an unarmed Iraqi prisoner during fighting in the city of Fallujah in late 2004. Jamaica's prime minister on Monday ordered the army deployed across the island, trying to restore calm after three days of politically charged violence that has killed at least 20 people people. Twenty-four Italian cities have launched a campaign to reduce greenhouse gases causing global warming, Italian Environment Minister Willer Bordon said Thursday.
t4974 A previously unreleased Beatles single with John Lennon as lead singer is due out next week, EMI Records announced on Thursday. There are times Mark Pope walks off the course at Oakmont Country Club and wonders if it's possible he could be that bad, that his game could have deserted him so quickly. A Hong Kong marine park on Monday rejected environmentalists' allegations that it was trying to capture dolphins in the Solomon Islands, possibly in breach of animal conservation rules. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com A frail but grimly determined Pope John Paul II blessed a crowd of pilgrims from his apartment window Wednesday in an appearance that buoyed cheering pilgrims but nonetheless failed to quell mounting concern over his health. White House officials viewed former Surgeon General Richard Carmona as a public relations tool, pushing him to make political appearances and promote the Bush administration's agenda while he was in office, according to a series of executive branch e-mails released Thursday by Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass. Turkey's troubled financial markets continued to slide Wednesday, despite signs that the International Monetary Fund was ready to release the next installment of a $15.7 billion loan package. A report by the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post said that Britain plans to allocate one million pounds (1.4 million U.S. dollars) in the next five years to promote the learning of Chinese among its citizens, since the Chinese language is expected to become a new global language
t280 The United States has reached "open skies" agreements with three more European Union (EU) countries, with others lining up ready to snub Brussels with deals of their own, Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean- Claude Juncker said Friday. Justine Henin claimed her third consecutive French Open title and her fourth overall Saturday, taking advantage of 19-year-old Ana Ivanovic's shaky play to win 6-1, 6-2. South Africa's Northern Bulls opened a four-point gap at the top of rugby's Super 14 with a spectacular return to form in a first-ever away win over the Waikato Chiefs this weekend. Texas counties and hospital districts will receive more than $17.7 million this year from the tobacco settlement endowment, even though the fund lost $30 million in value last year. Dwayne Wade's game-winning jump shot at the final buzzer gave Miami a 98-96 victory over New York here Tuesday that made the Heat the first National Basketball Association team to clinch a playoff spot. A few weeks ago, Sheikh Yazid Khader had one of the most coveted jobs in the Palestinian Authority. A senior bureaucrat in the Information Ministry and a Hamas loyalist, he had a plush office, a staff of dozens, and a million-dollar budget at his disposal. A U.S. immigration official convicted of disclosing classified information to aid Cuba was sentenced to five years in prison Friday. The information industry has developed at a rapid pace in the western region of China, Wu Jichaun, minister of information industry, said here today.
t4844 The Italian lira was slightly firmer early Thursday afternoon on the London forex market a few minutes after the Italian government won a confidence vote in parliament in connection with its proposed supplementary budget. Reflecting her simple tastes, a plywood casket carried Ruth Bell Graham through the streets of her mountainside home Saturday as mourners gathered to remember the wife of evangelist Billy Graham. France is to open air corridors for flights between Paris and southern cities while "partially reopening" some northern airports on Tuesday, the government said. The United Nations' top human rights body voted overwhelmingly on Monday to criticize Israel for what it called ``mass killings'' during military operations in the West Bank and called for Israel to withdraw its forces. Derided for years for deplorable behaviour to visitors, Athens' taxi drivers are now seeking to mend their ways with help from a Japanese automaker. Hundreds of pages of e-mails released as Congress investigated FEMA's response to Katrina earned scorn for Michael D. Brown and some aides. The e-mails showed them apparently unaware of the magnitude of the disaster and focused instead on their image in the media. Polaroid Corp., facing the imminent expiration of a large line of credit, is seriously considering a voluntary bankruptcy filing to protect it from creditors, according to a published report. The World Health Organization ( WHO) has proposed the creation of ".health" to join the small group of Internet top-level domains (TLDs) such as ".com" and ". org," hoping to raise the quality of Internet health information, WHO announced here Monday.
t9588 China's patriarch, Deng Xiaoping, was recently released from a Beijing military hospital where he was admitted at the beginning of March, a medical source said Thursday. Israeli and Arab leaders gather Monday in a high-profile bid to prop up embattled Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas after he lost the Gaza Strip to Hamas, but Israel dampened expectations. The European Union's top trade envoy stepped up pressure on China for a stronger currency on Tuesday, saying it was in the interests of both sides for the yuan to appreciate. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, MAY 3, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Asian stocks closed mostly lower Monday, tracking a weaker Wall Street despite easier oil prices, with Tokyo hit as anti-Japanese protests in China badly unsettled investors, dealers said. Years before Freddie Mac was rocked by an accounting scandal, billionaire investor Warren Buffett got on the phone with Freddie Mac chairman Leland C. Brendsel and explained why he was selling shares of the giant mortgage funding company. Defending champion Magnus Gustafsson was beaten in the quarterfinals of the $400,000 Energis Open, losing to Alex Calatrava of Spain 6-3, 7-5 on Friday. The total earnings of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries from oil exports are expected to reach 151 billion U.S. dollars this year, almost doubling the 82 billion dollars in 1999.
t3211 The condition of Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej has greatly improved after heart treatment performed to dilate a blocked blood vessel, the Royal Household Bureau said Sunday. The U.S. military said Thursday it will temporarily deploy about 20 F-16 fighter jets to South Korea, as the international standoff over North Korea's nuclear weapons program drags on. South African police fired rubber bullets at a Cape Town Rastafarian community who threw stones at officers raiding a marijuana plantation, a spokeswoman said Friday. As Congress prepares to rewrite the nation's accounting rules, President Bush has joined the debate over the appropriate way to figure the cost of stock options used to compensate top executives. At least 27 people were killed and more than 500 injured by a tropical storm that flattened more than 3,000 houses in 15 villages in northern Bangladesh, police said Monday. A budget deadlock has put Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's policy agenda in jeopardy, with prospects dimming for plans to bring health care to all Californians and to solve the state's water problems. Heavy winds sent a huge tree crashing down on spectators at a Yiddish music concert, killing 10 people and injuring 85 others, 18 of them seriously. The ten regions include Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong, Zhejiang, Henan, Liaoning, Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, and Chongqing. These provinces and municipalities make up the bulk of the Chinese economy.
t1073 Iraq is to launch a massive campaign to vaccinate 3.5 million children against polio with the help of the UN children's fund (UNICEF), health officials said here Monday. A meeting between a senior Iranian envoy and the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency was abruptly canceled Monday and diplomats blamed Iran's refusal to make good on a promise to provide answers about past atomic activities. US First Lady Michelle Obama paid a surprise visit to Haiti Tuesday and toured the Caribbean nation's capital devastated by a massive earthquake three months ago. Adam Johnson's funny-sad-bizarre stories take place in a world located somewhere between Kurt Vonnegut's sci-fi empire and that wild and crazy land of weirdos limned in T. Coraghessan Boyle's stories. It's a place where strange things happen and stranger things threaten to occur; a place recognizable, in its lineaments, Germany's Metro Group, the world's fifth-largest trading company, will add two more "Cash and Carry" stores in Vietnam to the four it currently operates, a company official said Thursday. Built on a classic brother-against-brother narrative, Danish filmmaker Asger Leth's ``Ghosts of Cite Soleil'' is a forceful documentary set against the 2004 Haitian coup d'etat that toppled the government of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide. An expressionistic portrait of a society in violent chaos, the film blends cinema verite and newsreel Denise Rich, the socialite songwriter whose fugitive ex-husband received a presidential pardon this year, has signed a deal to produce a book and a song, both titled ``Pardon Me!'' Inaugurating a week-long computer fair, Bangladeshi Finance Minister Shah A.M.S. Kibria Wednesday advised the pioneers of information technology (IT) to involve potential non-resident Bangladeshis to give a boost to the sector.
t9162 Gunmen have killed a civilian and wounded six people including three policemen in the village of Mahrass in southern Egypt, the interior ministry said Wednesday. Defending champion Justine Henin completed her Wimbledon preparations with a 7-5, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (2) win Saturday over second-seeded Amelie Mauresmo in the final of the Eastbourne International. Manchester United and England striker Wayne Rooney won the Professional Footballers' Association player of the year award at a ceremony here on Sunday and then declared his readiness for the World Cup. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of MONDAY, APRIL 29, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com An American man narrowly escaped from kidnappers who had attacked him and bundled him into the back of a car Sunday in the heart of the Afghan capital's embassy district, officials said. In a profession in which most are hired to be fired, the seat is always warm, even for those who sit high in our ranking of the NFL's 32 head coaches. 1,040 words, by Clifton Brown (The Sporting News). With FBN-COACHES-MISC. Both moved. FBN-PATRIOTS -- It's not an extreme Those who wondered whether Tiger Woods could stay out of the 196 bunkers that dot the links course of Royal Lytham &amp; St. Annes didn't have to wait long. Paris St Germain coach Philippe Bergeroo was dismissed after the 5-1 defeat at Sedan in the French first division soccer league on Saturday, PSG club manager Laurent Perpere said.
t997 Eighty US military personnel are taking part in three months of joint land and sea exercises in Kuwait, a US military official told AFP on Monday. Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt's Liberal-Socialist coalition government will offer his resignation Monday, a day after conservatives -- led by Christian Democrats -- posted big gains in general elections. A Josh Thompson double helped Celtic come from behind to record a narrow 2-1 win over Motherwell at Parkhead that cut the gap at the top of the Scottish Premier League to bitter rivals Rangers to ten points. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com US lawmakers expressed "grave concern" Wednesday over a Chinese law giving legal backing for an invasion of Taiwan if the country moves toward formal independence. The expert: Fitness expert Jari Love, creator of the popular ``Get Ripped!'' series (the most recent workout, ``Get Ripped! 1000,'' is said to get you burning up to 1,000 calories per session). Love's Web site is www.jarilove.com. Russian prosecutors have halted a business deal aimed at protecting the independence of Echo of Moscow radio, the last major outpost of the embattled Media-Most holding company, employees said Monday Ethiopia and the United States have signed an investment support agreement in a bid to stimulate economic activities in the Horn of Africa country.
t8083 The 20-billion dollar US rescue plan for Mexico is sound but its success is not guaranteed, said Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin Saturday. The Cancer Center at the University of California, San Francisco, has received a $150 million (euro112 million) donation from an anonymous benefactor -- the university's largest cash gift ever. Israeli troops shot and wounded three Palestinians and a Maltese woman in the Gaza Strip on Saturday during a protest near the border with Israel, witnesses and medical sources said. They met in 1909 at a Parisian cafe known for its Russian emigre clientele. Inessa Armand, the illegitimate daughter of a French opera singer, had already borne four children, one by her husband's brother, and been exiled to an Arctic prison camp for anti-czarist subversion. Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov, better China Friday protested the visit by exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to Japan, accusing him of being involved in "splittist" activities aimed at separating Tibet from China. Campaigning in southern New Hampshire, Romney pounded Giuliani's fiscal record as mayor of New York. The Giuliani campaign snapped back, calling Romney a hypocrite who as governor of Massachusetts showed little restraint with public money. Officials have laid the cornerstone for an Irish stone farmhouse that is being reassembled as the centerpiece of a memorial to the potato famine of the 1840s. The airport in the city of Golmud on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, was reopened for the second time Tuesday with the landing of a Shandong Airlines passenger aircraft, a Canadian-made 50-seat CRJ200.
t6697 Germany's Free Democrats want to use postage stamps as tiny but lucrative advertising space to help foot the bill for German reunification. Gold prices rose for the fourth straight day Tuesday, advancing modestly on retreating U.S. Treasury yields and a weakening U.S. dollar. Fulham will take a slight advantage into next week's Europa League semi-final, second-leg at home to Hamburg having earned a 0-0 draw in the Hanseatic City in Thursday's first leg. KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Farmland Industries said in a securities filing last week that it could seek bankruptcy protection if cash flow did not improve and it missed payments on a $500 million loan. Talks aimed at relaunching the peace process in the Ivory Coast will be held in Pretoria on April 3, and were expected to be attended by top officials from the divided west African nation, South Africa said Sunday. The privacy rights at issue are of the residents who hire immigrants as day laborers from ad hoc hiring centers, mostly the parking lot at a Von's shopping center in Vista, north of San Diego in San Diego County. A missile interceptor soared into the skies over a tiny Pacific isle Saturday on a planned collision path with a mock nuclear warhead _ the Bush administration's first test of the ``hit-to-kill'' technology it hopes will become a key element of a missile defense network. At least eight people were killed Tuesday in an armed bank robbery in southern Egypt, the official Middle East News Agency reported.
t1161 Jordan's Foreign Minister Abdel Karim Kabariti warned Monday that there would be "no just and lasting peace in the Middle East without a fair and acceptable solution ... to the question of the displaced and refugees." Oil prices rose Monday after Iran's oil minister said OPEC has no plans to release more oil into the market ahead of its next policy meeting in September and Saudi Arabia said it would keep its shipment volumes steady. The micro-blogging site Twitter could act as an early warning system for epidemics, a team of experts at London's City University found in a new study published on Tuesday. Dan Evans refuses to make any boastful predictions for the Los Angeles Dodgers this season. When facing a brewing controversy, he always takes the high road. European stock markets mostly rose in early trading on Thursday, brushing off big overnight falls on Wall Street, with the London FTSE 100 index up 0.20 percent to 4,947.4 points. Duncan Hunter had already spent an hour serving scrambled eggs at a Rotary Club pancake breakfast and walked a mile in the nearby Amherst Fourth of July parade, and was now more than halfway through another parade in this old farm town on the west bank of the Merrimack John Stossel hurriedly taped interviews with New York City children last week to replace those that his network ordered removed when their parents objected. Thailand's exports of rice to the world market surpassed four million tons in the first nine months of this year, and are expected to meet the government's target of over six million tones at the year end, the Thai News Agency (TNA) reported on Wednesday.
t3991 Spanish police believe an Algerian gunrunner arrested in this northeastern city at the weekend is an activist in the Armed Islamic Group (GIA) fighting the Algiers government, they said Tuesday. A car that was put in a crypt beneath the courthouse lawn in 1957 to celebrate Oklahoma's 50 years of statehood is set to see the light of day, in time for the centennial. But it might be a little rusty. A series of bomb blasts at the site of a controversial dam project in a remote part of Myanmar destroyed cars and buildings and left one man injured on Saturday, an official said. Twenty-five years ago this month, I noticed an ad in The Daily Sentinel in Nacogdoches. The newspaper was looking for a part-time lithographer. I was still in college, had just quit a full-time job as an animal control officer for the city and was working at the old Indian Photographs of people must not be manipulated by the media in Germany in such a way that the changes cannot be clearly seen, the country's highest court ruled on Tuesday. Mobbed by voters at the Iowa State Fair, some of them carrying homemade signs encouraging him to run, Fred Thompson on Friday showed off the advantages he would enjoy as a celebrity latecomer to the 2008 Republican presidential campaign. Turkey's government reluctantly bowed to pressure from the International Monetary Fund on Monday, agreeing to make changes to the board of the state-owned phone monopoly Turk Telekom in return for the release of a $1.6 billion loan. The Russian leadership expects an active dialogue with the new U.S. administration, Deputy Kremlin Staff Head Sergei Prikhodko said Wednesday.
t1403 South Africa has named its first ambassador to Egypt as Justus de Goede who has served as the country's charge d'affaires in Cairo since November 1993, the South African embassy announced on Tuesday. Power companies in New Zealand have eight months to comply with tough new rules protecting vulnerable consumers after a woman died when the power to her home and oxygen machine were cut off, Prime Minister Helen Clark said Monday. The political crisis in Thailand is deteriorating and shaking confidence in the region as a whole, the head of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), Surin Pitsuwan warned Tuesday. In this fragile swath of the Everglades, the Bush administration delighted Florida environmentalists last month by backing a National Park Service plan to restrict access for swamp buggies and other off-road vehicles. Qwest Communications on Thursday formally raised its offer for long-distance carrier MCI to 8.5 billion dollars, upping the ante in a bidding war with telecom giant Verizon. In a nod to the specter of drought, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger appealed Monday for a $6 billion investment in water works, while the Democratic leader of the state Senate called for a $5 billion water bond on next year's ballot. Woody Allen will embark on a three-city West Coast tour next month with Eddy Davis &amp; His New Orleans Jazz Band to promote his new film, ``The Curse of the Jade Scorpion.'' The German government has agreed to provide 12 million Deutsche marks (approximately 7.5 million U. S. dollars) in aid for a shelter forest project in east China's Anhui Province.
t5505 China's parliament passed Saturday the country's first education law, which aims to guarantee increased state investment in the underfunded sector. As the self-designated captain of a 93-year-old barge that he refurbished as a combined maritime museum and residence, David Sharps exemplifies the quirky charm of Red Hook, a history-steeped neighborhood on the Brooklyn waterfront. The euro slipped back against the dollar on Tuesday, giving up early gains made on much stronger-than-expected German data, dealers said. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com The deadly explosion at BP's biggest oil refinery in the United States left the London-based energy giant more concerned about the human cost than its limited economic impact, as 14 people died and a further 70 were wounded, the group said Thursday. And when he's using his thinly veiled alter ego to rant about life's little irritations, there's no one to beat him. Early episodes this season have Larry going off on people who sample too many items (ice cream, perfume) before making a purchase, the holier-than-thou attitude of philanthropists who House campaign finance legislation headed toward a tumultuous finish Thursday with supporters of a measure to reduce the influence of big money protesting what they said was a betrayal of a promise of a fair vote. The volunteers will be chosen from Chinese citizens aged 20 to 45 years old. Their work at the nature reserve will include aiding anti-poaching activities in Hoh Xil of Qinghai Province, giving aid to scientists in their outdoor surveys, and to publicize protecting the environment among tourists and local
t4300 Picabo Street of the United States, already sure of the downhill title, won her sixth World Cup race of the season here on Wednesday. A 5-year-old New York boy brought small packets of heroin to his day care center and told other children it was candy, police said. Afghan authorities released Sunday three Italians working for a medical charity and accused of plotting to kill a provincial governor, Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini announced. One of the nicest customs at the Masters is the honorary tee off. Early on Thursday, before the official field starts out, one or more of the tournament's storied elders traditionally hits a drive on the first hole. A rural Greece pharmacist who became a TV celebrity after claiming to have discovered a herbal cure for cancer has been summoned to a court hearing, the semi-official Athens News Agency reported said on Tuesday. In fall 2004, documentary filmmaker Irene Taylor Brodsky was caught off guard when her 65-year-old parents, both profoundly deaf since birth, announced that they had made a life-altering decision: They both would undergo cochlear implants. In three weeks. Singapore authorities released new economic data Tuesday indicating the wealthy city-state is the first Southeast Asian nation to fall into a recession since recovering from the 1997-98 Asian economic crisis. The Asian and Pacific advertising market has witnessed double-digit growth in the first half of the year with its total market value hitting 13 billion U. S. dollars, according to a latest survey by the world-renowned market survey institute AC Nielsen.
t3036 Capitalism shares the stage with one of the last survivors of communism when US Vice-President Al Gore and Cuban President Fidel Castro make separate speeches at the UN Summit on Social Development here Sunday. The U.N. peacekeeping chief called Sudan's acceptance of a joint African Union-United Nations peacekeeping force for Darfur "a significant step forward" though he cautioned that "it's not the end of the road." US Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Friday the Pentagon had no interest in "hiding" information from lawmakers looking into the Fort Hood shooting rampage. Bipolar disorder, also known as manic-depressive illness, is classified as a major mental illness. Until recently, this problem was not diagnosed in children and adolescents but is now being diagnosed and treated with increasing frequency. At least 21 people were killed, including a US soldier, on Sunday in attacks mainly targeting Iraq's security forces as Washington defended its decision to lead the Iraq invasion two years ago. Hernan Ruiz, a concrete finisher with a gray streak in his dark hair, shot up his hand during a recent citizenship test prep class at a sunny Silver Spring, Md., community center. Called on to answer a question about who elects the U.S. president, the El Salvador native carefully Turning to its balance sheet in the battle for Wachovia, SunTrust Banks Inc. said Friday that its second-quarter net income rose 9 percent to a company record $347 million. Li Peng, chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), met Friday with Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov.
t1429 The German mark hit a record high against the French franc on the London forex market in mid-afternoon Tuesday, trading at 3.5630 francs to the mark. Conjoined twins whose initial surgery to separate them was halted because of brain swelling have been released from the hospital. Indian outsourcing giant Infosys Technologies reported Tuesday quarterly net profit slipped, but forecast better times ahead despite a rising rupee that could eat into earnings. Israel's prime minister, Ariel Sharon, said Tuesday that Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, could have a ``one-way ticket'' into exile, a step that would quash any remaining hope of his restoration as Israel's partner for peace talks. The European Union is still "working towards" lifting a 15-year-old arms embargo on China, but discussions are ongoing, EU external relations commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner said Thursday. If U.S. combat forces withdraw from Iraq in the near future, three developments would be likely to unfold. Majority Shiites would drive Sunnis out of ethnically mixed areas west to Anbar province. Southern Iraq would erupt in civil war between Shiite groups. And the Kurdish north would solidify its The last parts of a U.S. Navy spy plane that collided with a Chinese fighter jet, sparking a crisis in U.S.-China relations, were flown off southern China's Hainan island Tuesday, the U.S. Navy said. Gongbei Customs authority in Zhuhai, the nearest Chinese mainland city to Macao, has dispatched two special working groups to the city's airport to handle customs clearance procedures for cargo, luggage and mail that come along with the China Air Show.
t473 Greenlanders went to the polls Saturday to elect 31 deputies to their parliament in a poll which looked set to leave the leftist prime minister of the recession-hit Danish protectorate in power. Jordanian police exchanged gunfire with a small group of armed men suspected of stealing electricity and water in a town near the Israeli border, the official Petra news agency reported. One of the gunmen was killed and several were arrested. Thailand's Foreign Minister Kasit Piromya said Monday he expected a negotiated resolution to his country's bloody political crisis but ruled out any immediate role for ousted ex-premier Thaksin Shinawatra. There is a reason Rickey Henderson is still employed at age 43, beyond the fact that he has a teenager's physique and a Hall of Famer's pedigree. Pope John Paul II appeared Wednesday to pilgrims at St Peter's square from the window of his apartment, his first public appearance since his discharge from hospital Sunday. Military insurrections cost money. To take over the Gaza Strip last month, Hamas had to pay salaries, procure weapons, manufacture rockets, buy help from local crime families, bribe opponents, print leaflets and banners, produce media propaganda and even order up Hamas hats and bandanas. Lindsay Davenport used yet another straight-set victory Saturday to move closer to regaining the Wimbledon championship she lost last year to Venus Williams. Russian and Norwegian experts were meeting on board the Norwegian ship Regalia on Sunday to decide how to enter the sunken Russian submarine Kursk to retrieve the bodies of 118 crew members.
t5957 The Australian-based Pacific Rim Construction Consortium announced Monday that it has signed a a 400-million-dollar (292 million US) draft agreement to develop China's Beijing-Great Wall light rail project. Syria's U.N. ambassador on Monday dismissed rumors of secret Syrian-Israeli talks and reiterated Damascus' call for Israel to resume peace negotiations that stalled seven years ago. Thailand's army warned Tuesday that anti-government protesters would face tear gas and live weapons fire in "decisive action" to counter any fresh clashes with security forces. A drive through West Texas is enough to send most people home to East Texas with a renewed appreciation for our trees. The death toll in an outbreak of the deadly Ebola-like Marburg virus in Angola has risen to 113, health officials said Friday, as the hemorrhagic disease spread to the southern African country's capital Luanda. It's the cost of competition. Large federal agencies are increasingly offering bonuses to recruit employees for hard-to-fill jobs and to keep them from leaving the federal government. The International Olympic Committee prepared Friday to pick the city that will stage the 2008 Summer Games _ a decision filled with elements of business, politics and, almost as an afterthought, sports. The European Union (EU) Friday asked the World Trade Organization (WTO) for permission to impose 4.043 billion U.S. dollars in sanctions against American imports.
t8141 The self-styled Transdniestria republic in eastern Moldova was set Sunday to vote over whether to retain Russian forces on its soil in a referendum declared illegal by authorities in the country's capital Chisinau. Police backed off their initial descriptions of a mob beating a man to death after a child was hurt by the victim's car, saying Thursday they are looking for three or four suspects and that fewer than two dozen people-- not hundreds -- witnessed the attack. Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi and coach Waqar Younus said they hoped their countrymen would get behind the World Twenty20 team which left for the West Indies on Saturday. On the eve of an annual fund-raising appeal that some are seeing as a barometer of his staying power, Cardinal Bernard F. Law on Sunday made a televised pitch for Catholics to give money to fund the operations of the Archdiocese of Boston. Millions of people around Pope John Paul II's native Poland fell silent Friday as tolling bells and the wail of sirens signalled the start of their most beloved son's funeral in distant Rome. Actress Sienna Miller's knack for assembling outfits that inspire imitation is on par with fellow Brit Kate Moss' innate ability to make jeans and a T-shirt look revolutionary. And like Moss, who debuted an apparel collection through the fast-fashion chain Topshop in May, Miller is bringing her edgy-cum-classic sensibilities Thirty-three journalists and media workers have been killed so far this year, with Colombia the most dangerous country for reporters, a press watchdog said Wednesday. Vietnam's consumer price index dropped 0.2 percent year-on-year by November, 2000, the seven fall this year, according to a report of latest local business newspaper Vietnam Investment Review.
t8844 Thousands of Islamic guerrillas, trained and hardened in the 15-year Afghan war, are fanning out across the Arab world and beyond as soldiers of fortune in a fundamentalist revolution, according to Jane's Intelligence Review. An Army officer with a key role in the U.S. military hearings at Guantanamo Bay says they relied on vague and incomplete intelligence and were pressured to declare detainees "enemy combatants" often without any specific evidence. Britain's envoy to Yemen Timothy Torlot Monday narrowly escaped a bomb triggered by a suspected Al-Qaeda suicide attacker who hurled himself at the ambassador's convoy in a Sanaa street, officials said. Maybe it was only an accident that Gary Roberts of the Toronto Maple Leafs crashed into goalie Chris Osgood of the New York Islanders Tuesday night and left him flat on his back for a few minutes of pain after Roberts tied the score in the first period. And Dundee United clinched a place in the Scottish Cup final with a 2-1 win against Hibernian at Hampden on Saturday. But with poise and a squirt of ketchup on her fries, Hillary Rodham Clinton seated herself on a red vinyl stool at the Maid-Rite diner and bit into the loose-beef concoction. Yum, she said. A racial epithet that a comedian used on ``Late Night with Conan O'Brien'' should have been removed from the broadcast, NBC said after an Asian-American watchdog group complained. Irina Slutskaya of Russia performed the most difficult program of the day to take the lead over her compatriot Maria Butyrskaya at the NHK Trophy figure skating competition in Asahikawa, Japan on Friday.
t3901 Prime Minister John Major, the first West European head of government to visit the Gaza Strip since autonomy began in May, pledged Britain's full support on Tuesday. Arab countries are eyeing the chaos in Gaza with alarm, fearing that the Palestinian fighting could spread to the West Bank and further destabilize the region. The Arab League chief has called for a cease-fire, warning of disaster otherwise. Airspace over Serbia and Montenegro will be closed from 4:00 pm (1600 GMT) Saturday until further notice, the Serbian air traffic control centre said, as other Balkan countries locked down. Boston Museum of Science President David W. Ellis, whose attention to the bottom line sometimes angered co-workers but helped the museum recover from a multimillion-dollar deficit, announced Thursday that he will retire from the position he has held since 1990. A teenage student went on a shooting rampage at an Indian reservation, gunning down nine people before committing suicide in the worst US school massacre since Columbine in 1999, police and local media said Tuesday. A key to the government's successful prosecution of Jose Padilla was a broad and simple phrase added to the anti-terrorism law in 1996 that made it a crime to ``provide material support'' to a terrorist group. Drkoop.com Inc. has agreed to pay $4.25 million in cash to settle lawsuits filed in Texas by investors in the troubled health care Web site. The immigrant population in France remain stable at 4.31 million, almost the same as that registered in 1975, said a report on the 1999 census by the state statistics institute INSEE published on Wednesday.
t3129 Joint-overnight leader Clay Devers of the United States won the Malaysian Open golf championships Sunday, finishing with a three- under-par 69 for a four round total of 276. BATTING--Holliday, Colorado, .352; DYoung, Washington, .340; DeLee, Chicago, .336; MiCabrera, Florida, .335; Helton, Colorado, .324; HaRamirez, Florida, .320; Renteria, Atlanta, .320. Poland's aviation agency said Friday it had shut the country's entire airspace to commercial aircraft due to a cloud of volcanic ash, two days before the funeral of president Lech Kaczynski. It sounded like a risk: an entree of pan-crisped skate with ruby red grapefruit, olives and a citrus emulsion at the Harrison. The citrus emulsion is classic with skate, and the olives seemed logical, if creative. But grapefruit with skate? It's not a common pairing. Manchester United's Rio Ferdinand has blasted talk of a move to English Premiership leaders Chelsea, and admitted for the first time he was partly to blame for the controversial drugs affair which threatened to tarnish his career. A Washington Post article incorrectly said that David Palmer had been nominated to chair the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. He was nominated to be a member of the commission. Atlanta shortstop Rafael Furcal injured his right shoulder stealing second base in the ninth inning of the Braves' game against the Boston Red Sox on Friday night. A Tokyo-bound All Nippon airways flight was grounded at the Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGIA) here after four of its six tyres deflated due to excessive heat just before take-off, airport sources said Saturday.
t2289 The Palermo state prosecutor Thursday asked for former Sicilian Mafia boss Tano Badalamenti to be brought to Italy from jail in the United States to testify on links between organized crime and politicians, judicial officials said Thursday. DaMarcus Beasley scored twice and the Americans beat El Salvador 4-0 Wednesday, finishing group play at the CONCACAF Gold Cup with three victories and heading to the quarterfinals as the only team not to have conceded a goal. The euro fell against the dollar Thursday as investors speculated that debt- saddled Greece will seek a financial rescue from the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. The postmaster general said Friday that if universal postal service is to remain practical, the Postal Service must change the way it functions, with more flexibility to raise rates, to close post offices and to reduce the number of days it delivers mail. Kim Clijsters continued her remarkable comeback from injury on Friday, beating fourth seed Elena Dementieva to reach the final of the Indian Wells WTA and ATP Masters Series event. Congress gave final approval Friday to legislation that requires tighter screening of air and sea cargo, and shifts more federal anti-terrorism grants to high-risk areas such as New York and Washington, delivering on a pledge by Democrats last fall to implement additional recommendations of the commission that investigated the A closely watched economic barometer came in well above a critical level for the first time in five months, suggesting that Japan may be in for a respite from its most severe slump in decades. The constitution court Tuesday approved the electoral law amendment legislation which is aimed at rooting out the corruption that plagues Thai politics.
t3435 A rebel member of Taiwan's ruling Kuomintang (KMT) party has defeated an official party nominee to win a parliamentary seat in a by-election in the east of the country, election officials said Monday. A special prosecutor interviewed a representative of JPMorgan Chase Thursday to try to determine the investment bank's role in an alleged bond trading scandal that has rattled Greece's conservative government. South Korean golfers threatened Friday to boycott tournaments hosted by the OneAsia circuit in their country, in protest at its stricter qualification standards. At the age of 14 months, Melanie Joy McDaniel is doing the wonderfully normal things that every parent looks forward to: She eats grown-up food, stands by herself, toddles around the house while hanging on to the furniture. With every passing day she is becoming more of a buddy Portuguese police said Monday they had arrested a 30-year-old man suspected of shooting dead two police officers at close range in a troubled Lisbon suburb Sunday after he was asked for identification. The Washington Post has been following four members of Congress as they grapple with what to do about the Iraq war in the coming months. The focus during Congress's August recess is on what these lawmakers are hearing from the voters in their home districts. Future installments will feature Elena Baranova scored 21 points as the Miami Sol beat Sacramento 66-54 Saturday night, snapping the Monarchs' five-game winning streak. Efforts should be made to foster an entrepreneurial spirit in universities which are striving to raise funds, a U.N. official said here on Monday.
t9449 The US Southern Command, which handles military relations with Central and South America, will relocate from Panama to Miami International Airport, a congressman said Wednesday. Key players in the Darfur crisis are meeting in Paris on Monday in a bid to build a unified international response to violence in the troubled region, though Sudan will not be attending. German sports car maker Porsche said Tuesday it was recalling all its 11,324 newly launched four-door Panamera cars due to possible seatbelt problems. A day after first-month statistics revealed that home runs were down 19 percent from last season, Mike Cameron single-handedly tried to reverse that trend on Thursday night. Cameron, a center fielder for the Seattle Mariners, slugged a record-tying four home runs at Chicago's Comiskey Park, all in the first Security forces have rescued a Muslim businessman who was kidnapped in the southern Philippines last week and arrested four suspects, a regional military official said Monday. Officials on Saturday announced that Ali Larijani had resigned as Iran's top nuclear negotiator and would be replaced by a loyalist to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Two European observers monitoring a cease-fire between Macedonians and ethnic Albanians and their translator were killed after their vehicle ran off the road and was found upside down in a ravine, the Swedish Foreign Ministry confirmed Friday. Spanish international defender Michel Salgado will not be in field on Tuesday as his Real Madrid meeting Anderlecht in the Champions League group D home match, the club said.
t6620 Greek farmers and shopowners Tuesday blocked the main north-south road and closed shops in a dozen cities in a growing protest against changes increasing taxation of the lightly-taxed self-employed sector. The Red Cross said it evacuated six severely injured Palestinians Tuesday from Gaza to hospitals in Israel for specialist treatment that was unavailable in the Palestinian territory. US gaming mogul Steve Wynn plans to build a major new casino in Macau that could open as early as 2013, a report said Wednesday, as the Asian enclave continues to see gambling revenue soar. When the Patriots played in Buffalo last December, Bills general manager Tom Donahoe made sure he was in his press box seat earlier than usual. He was there to watch Drew Bledsoe, and he couldn't believe what he saw, even though Bledsoe never got to play that day. A centuries-old proud beer tradition, strong brands and continuously low prices have helped make Czechs the biggest beer-drinkers in the world. Fidler decided three weeks ago that jurors would face a single up-or-down proposition in determining Spector's fate, guilt or innocence of second-degree murder, in the death of actress Lana Clarkson. Jeff Sluman was amazed he was atop the leaderboard after an erratic round in the Greater Milwaukee Open on Saturday. The southeastern London attraction, the Millennium Dome, is likely to be sold to a company which plans to turn it into a high-tech business park which could create thousands of jobs.
t6408 Gunmen shot dead five people and wounded 11 others in a working class district in central Bujumbura, police said Tuesday. Fire swept through a furniture warehouse, collapsing its roof and claiming the lives of nine firefighters in a disaster the mayor described Tuesday as "difficult to fathom or quantify." North Korea said Wednesday it would not produce nuclear weapons to excess or engage in an arms race and was ready to join an international non-proliferation campaign as a nuclear armed state. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Bhutan has proposed a two-party political system to wield power in place of King Jigme Singye Wangchuck as it unveiled its first constitution Saturday in public ceremonies across the country. In one of the bolder experiments to date, SpiralFrog.com, a service scheduled to begin Monday , will let Web surfers download songs by U2, Timbaland, Amy Winehouse and other Universal Music Group artists free. Six children who staged a five-day standoff with sheriff's deputies after their mother was arrested will remain in foster care indefinitely, a judge ruled Friday. Delegates from 10 African countries Monday started a five-day seminar here to discuss how to ensure workers' rights stipulated by the International Labor Organization (ILO).
t7942 Mike Tyson, freed Saturday after three years in prison for rape, left the mosque he visited immediately upon his release, drove to the airport and left for his home in Ohio. A crucial meeting of the World Trade Organization's four most powerful members has failed, officials said Thursday -- a major setback to efforts at reaching a new global commerce pact by the end of the year. The opposition Conservatives have extended their lead in the race to win Britain's May 6 general election without yet attracting enough support for an outright majority, polls showed Saturday. The child is out there somewhere _ as close as Houston, perhaps, or as far away as Asia, Eastern Europe or Africa. Oscar is celebrating the centenary birthday of one of the greatest legends of cinema, the late screen goddess Greta Garbo. or in my case about twice as much (before taxes), since I wasn't lucky enough to score that price -- get you? A seat, overhead space, toilet paper, maybe a cup of ice. Everything else, from checked bags ($5 each, up to two) to beverages (water and soda, $2) Montreal Expos coach Ozzie Guillen was ejected for the second straight game before the start of Tuesday night's series finale against the Boston Red Sox. The Japanese government on Monday adopted a plan aimed at making Japan the world's most advanced information technology (IT) country in the next five years with almost all its 43 million households gaining high-speed Internet access.
t4994 United and Liverpool have produced some classic encounters over the years -- not least the 3-3 draw last season when Liverpool came back from three goals down. Wham-O Inc. changed the name of the Pluto Platter to Frisbee 50 years ago Sunday, flinging a new word into American culture that still conjures images of carefree fun in the park and breezy days at the beach. The Indian government promised Monday a full probe into the finances of the cash-rich Indian Premier League (IPL) after a high-profile minister quit amid a damaging ownership scandal. Thomas Jefferson spent much of his adult life trying to grow wine grapes at Monticello, his home here for more than half a century. He never succeeded. Now, more than two centuries after his first vines went into the ground, wine from Monticello grapes has become one of America's Wales coach Mike Ruddock said Wednesday that he was relishing the champions' opening match of their Six Nations title defence against England at Twickenham next year. The third day of what has become the longest heat wave of the year saw temperatures inch up again Thursday, peaking at 91 in downtown L.A. Thursday, 109 in the city's Woodland Hills area , 97 in Anaheim and 111 in Riverside. The National Weather Service predicts no relief The government is delaying a planned auction of wireless licenses that are ideal for delivering high-speed Internet, video and other features to telephones and handheld devices. Sri Lanka's Army Commander General Lionel Balagalle has said that Tiger rebel leader Velupillai Prabhakaran should show how serious he was for peace before the military could cease hostilities to facilitate peace talks.
t1711 Just 10 years after China issued its first credit card, experts here are predicting the number of Chinese consumers opting for plastic over cash will top 200 million by 2000, a report said Wednesday. Lawmaker Francois Bayrou, a centrist whose strong third-place showing in April's French presidential race won him suitors on the right and the left, was again being courted Tuesday by both the governing conservatives and the flailing opposition Socialists before parliamentary runoffs later this week. Two Kurdish rebels were killed and two others wounded in a clash with the army in Turkey's southeast on Wednesday, security sources said. Charles Cuny knew his team's nickname and logo would offend some people. Actually, he hoped it would. And he doesn't care. A British newspaper Friday claimed to have found "clear evidence" that Syria assassinated former Lebanese prime minister Rafiq Hariri in an attack that has plunged Lebanon into political chaos. To ensure that people issues are on the table when Cabinet officers draw up strategic plans, Congress in 2002 added a new title to the bureaucracy -- chief human capital officer. Children who live near Paula Poundstone demonstrated outside the courthouse where the comedian pleaded innocent Tuesday to child molestation in a case her lawyer said is ``ripping her guts out.'' The petition, with the signature of more than 12,300 U.N. staff members of the United Nations and its various agencies in duty posts around the world, says that more than 200 U.N. civilian staff members were killed over the past eight years and 228 taken hostages or kidnapped.
t9464 An Iraqi minister denied late Wednesday that the jailing of two Americans for eight years last Saturday was politically motivated, saying their only offence was illegal entry into the country. A senior official from the U.N. nuclear watchdog left for North Korea on Sunday to discuss how the agency's inspectors would monitor and verify the shutdown of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor. Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Tuesday predicted a keen contest during the upcoming World Twenty20, saying the race for the title was too close to call. It's been 10 years since Johnny Carson retired, but not being on TV doesn't mean he doesn't watch. Esquire magazine interviewer Bill Zehme writes that Carson ``delights in crap'' and mentions ``Survivor'' in particular ``as among the most egregious crap he has ever seen.'' The wife of a former deputy head of the Russian secret service (FSB), General Anatoly Trofimov, who was killed at the weekend in Moscow, has also died of her injuries, the ITAR-TASS news agency reported Monday citing security officials. Gen. David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker have concluded that Shiite extremists pose a rising threat to the U.S. effort in Iraq, as the relative influence of Sunni insurgent groups such as al-Qaida in Iraq has diminished drastically due to ongoing U.S. operations. This judgment forms part of the Auto giant DaimlerChrysler AG reported a 70 percent fall in net profit Friday but beat forecasts despite big losses at its troubled Chrysler division and a sagging bottom line at its ailing commercial truck unit. Chinese Vice Premier Wu Bangguo concluded his four-day visit to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and left here for Beijing Tuesday.
t6510 Violence which has marked the Kurd campaign for a recognised homeland has left at least 15,000 dead and is Turkey's main domestic problem. FIFA president Sepp Blatter singled out transportation as the biggest challenge facing South Africa ahead of the 2010 World Cup. The Fiat auto group on Wednesday announced a net loss of 21 million euros (28 million dollars) in the first quarter of 2010, against a loss of 411 million euros in the same period of 2009. A microphone in the Pacific Ocean near Wake Island recorded a low, two-minute-long roar, too faint to be heard by human ears. It was the sound of nearly a cubic mile of sediment giving way along an ocean bottom slope 2,200 miles away off Papua New Guinea. President Vladimir Putin said Saturday that Russia was prepared to help stabilize the situation in Kyrgyzstan following a request by acting president Kurmanbek Bakiyev. The missing and lost-luggage problems of the busy summer season have raised a number of reader queries. Here are answers to the most frequently asked questions: Aaron McKie, the NBA's sixth man of the year, and the Philadelphia 76ers have agreed to a seven-year deal worth up to $42 million, an NBA source said Saturday. A recent market survey conducted by the Standard Pool Company shows that China is now the world's second biggest shipping country, handling 10 million standard containers annually.
t9419 The UN Security Council, hoping to avert ethnic carnage in Burundi, warned extremists in the African country Wednesday that they could face an international tribunal for their crimes. An Iraqi court on Sunday sentenced Saddam Hussein's cousin known as "Chemical Ali" and two other former regime officials to death by hanging for their roles in a 1980s scorched-earth campaign that led to the deaths of 180,000 Kurds. African Union peacekeepers foiled an attempted suicide attack on their base in the Somali capital Tuesday when they opened fire on an explosives-laden car speeding towards them, an official said. The disappearance of 5-year-old Rilya Wilson while in state custody is just an extreme example of an overburdened agency struggling to keep up with the demands of caring for an increasing number of vulnerable children, state officials and child advocates say. DaimlerChrysler-owned Mercedes-Benz Trucks is preparing to team up with its Chinese partners to produce a wider range of vans and trucks on the mainland, state media reported Monday. The ordnance, discovered in five caches west of the town of Tarmiya, primarily consisted of the nitrogen-based explosive powder that is used in making roadside bombs and car bombs, said Lt. Stephen Bomar of the U.S. Army's Task Force Lightning. The group said it was the largest explosives cache There might have been no joy in Mudville, but there was plenty of it at Memorial Stadium as James Earl Jones read ``Casey at the Bat'' to students. As part of a new cooperation strategy with Russia, the World Bank (WB) plans to allocate 600 million to 1 billion U.S. dollars to Moscow in 2001, WB Vice President Johannes Linn said Tuesday.
t2466 The number of weddings in France, in decline over the past 20 years, has sunk to the lowest level this century, official statistics showed Friday. North Korea has threatened to execute people who smuggle South Korean TV shows and movies into the isolated communist country, and is tightening its border with China, a Seoul-based aid group said Wednesday. The United States and Israel must modernize their 1985 free trade agreement to better reflect high-tech commerce between the staunch allies, a US Senator urged Thursday. The Bush administration's decision to withhold $34 million appropriated by Congress for the U.N. Population Fund because of accusations that it condones forced abortions in China is causing the agency to cut its staff and shelve new programs, fund officials said last week. Eleven former WorldCom directors have agreed to pay 20 million dollars (15 million euros) out of their own pockets to settle a civil lawsuit filed on behalf of investors against the failed telecom giant, The New York Times said Saturday. The National Archives and Records Administration announced Monday that it has reached a non-exclusive agreement with Amazon.com and one of its subsidiaries to reproduce and sell to the public copies of thousands of historic films and videotapes in the Archives' holdings. Geoff Blum homered from both sides of the plate and Lee Stevens hit a three-run shot to lead the Montreal Expos over Florida 9-6 Thursday, the Marlins' seventh loss in eight games. Visiting Iranian President Mohammad Khatami and Japanese Prime Minister Yoshiro Mori on Wednesday agreed to expand bilateral cooperation in various fields.
t2010 Police Thursday raided the planned venue of a mass-wedding of 300 couples, mostly below the legal age for marriage, in an eastern Bangladeshi district, police sources said. Organizers of the biggest Fourth of July celebration outside the United States said they have canceled this year's ceremonies because of a shortfall of funding from American and Swiss sponsors. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir's ruling party on Wednesday reached out to the opposition, much of which has boycotted ongoing elections, calling for an "inclusive" government. DULUTH, Ga. - The guy atop the BellSouth Classic leaderboard is not in next week's Masters and feels robbed of a chance to get there. World oil prices steadied slightly on Friday, a day after surging to fresh record high points nearing 58 dollars in New York amid the backdrop of robust global demand. We hadn't meant to court danger that day. But here we were, staring straight over a Tasmanian cliff at a lake 200 feet below and wondering how to get there on a trail that seemed headed into thin air. Former Argentine President Carlos Menem was indicted by a federal judge on Wednesday, accused of heading an ``illicit organization'' that illegally funneled weapons to Croatia and Ecuador during the 1990s. In comparison with command drills in other regions of Russia, the 42nd division will conduct real operations against the rebels in the breakaway republic, Col. Gen. Gennady Troshev, commander of the Russian Northern Caucasus Military District, was quoted as saying.
t4240 Australia's soon-to-be-privatised national flag-carrier Qantas Airways Ltd. announced Wednesday an 80 percent rise in its interim net profit to 128.5 million Australian dollars (96.3 million US) for the six months to December from 71.7 million a year earlier. Wall Street barreled higher in early trading Friday after the week's most anticipated economic reading indicated that inflation excluding the price of gas remained tepid last month, easing some concerns that have jolted stock and bond markets in recent sessions. Iceland's volcano poured yellowish grey ash over the south of the country Sunday as farmers used shovels to dig out from volcanic debris and herded their dust- covered livestock to safety. Even at its best, the Ugli fruit can look like a grapefruit that has been left out to rot. It has lumpy, warty, mottled skin and comes in unappetizing shades of green and yellow. Sometimes, it just seems to sag into itself. Low-cost airlines have gone to the European Commission to protest the planned restructuring of the Italian airline company Alitalia, claiming any approval from Brussels would damage the industry. During his long, sweaty career as a lucha libre wrestler and occasional B movie actor, El Hijo del Santo has grappled with borderland outlaws, green-faced vampire assassins and such fearsome adversaries as Negro Casas and Heavy Metal. A Marine Corps helicopter on a training exercise crashed into the New River near the Camp Lejeune Marine Corps base, killing three Marines and injuring two others. The gold price in Hong Kong went down eight HK dollars to close at 2,462 HK dollars a tael Thursday, according to Po Sang Bank, one of the major gold dealers in Hong Kong.
t4241 Japan pledged Wednesday to send Egypt a 1.211-billion-yen (13-million- dollar) grant and volunteers to aid the Middle Eastern country's economic and social development, the foreign ministry said. A 100-year-old woman who still kayaks on the Hudson River pledged $20 million (euro15 million) Friday to help save the river's banks from development. President Robert Mugabe on Sunday issued an unprecedented appeal for an end to politically and racially driven violence in Zimbabwe, as the nation marked 30 years of independence. Not so long ago, but well before television and long, long before the evolution of Monday Night Football, some American men spent their time, ahem! in more productive pursuits. Instead of bending elbows lifting beer cans and pretzels, these men whittled the night away with penknives and wood, creating American International Group fired two executives for refusing to cooperate with investigations into a deal by the giant insurer that may have been used to manipulate financial statements. At various times over the past five years, Chinese dissident Yang Jianli was handcuffed, beaten, held in solitary confinement, deprived of daylight for months at a time, and forced to sit straight and motionless for four hours a day. The government on Tuesday blocked Britain's third-biggest bank, Lloyds TSB Group, from buying mortgage lender Abbey National PLC, arguing that the takeover would be against the public interest. Edmund Ho Hau Wah, chief executive of China's Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR), said here Thursday that next year the SAR government will give priority to speeding up economic recovery.
t1671 The Japanese currency's remorseless rally against the US dollar pummelled the Australian dollar to its lowest yen levels on record on Wednesday. The death toll from a torrent of mudslides, flooding and lightning in southeastern Bangladesh rose to 105 Tuesday after rescuers found 14 more bodies, officials and witnesses said. Fresh protests erupted in Poland Wednesday over a decision to bury president Lech Kaczynski in a castle with Polish kings that has ruptured the national unity since his death in a plane crash. ``I told Vice President Cheney I'm aware of the challenges that confront your president,'' Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told me after he launched Operation Protective Wall a few days ago. ``There is seemingly a conflict of interests between America's need to establish a coalition against Saddam Hussein and Israel's The British government Thursday substantially increased its donations for relief efforts in the areas devastated by last year's Asian tsunami to 140 million pounds (270 million dollars, 202 million euros). The man who Walnut Avenue once called Mike took to dawdling near his fence -- cheekily unclothed. Neighbors yanked down their blinds to block the 5-foot-9, 165-pound man in his birthday suit. Out-of-towners screeched, and some folks phoned police and begged: Please oust the Naked Man. Trying to close the books on an espionage debacle that rocked the FBI, the government struck a deal with ex-agent Robert Hanssen that would spare his life in exchange for a full confession detailing secrets he sold the Russians, people familiar with the case said Tuesday. The U.S. government decided to evacuate all nonessential staff and the family members out of Cote d'Ivoire where over 80 people had been killed in political clashes over the past few days, said a State Department official Thursday.
t6038 The French stock market turned the screws further on the Credit Lyonnais bank on Monday, marking the shares down by 6.65 percent in a severe judgement on the government's 27 billion dollar rescue effort. Prosecutors were set Tuesday to make closing arguments in Hyundai Motor Co. Chairman Chung Mong-koo's appeal against a three-year prison sentence imposed in February for embezzlement. The boozy behaviour of footballers pictured stumbling out of nightclubs in the early hours does not seem to lead their young fans to drink more alcohol, research out Thursday found. As protesters streamed into town to greet them, finance ministers from around the world gathered here on Friday to take up proposals for battling terrorism and poverty at a time when the links between the two are increasingly clear. Togolese opposition groups are to demonstrate Saturday in Lome to demand that next month's presidential elections are free and "transparent", their candidate Emmanuel Akitani Bob said Friday. DEAR CAL: I'm the mother of a 13-year-old boy who is a natural in baseball. He played in recreation leagues from T-ball through 11 years old. He developed a fear of the ball and kept backing out of the batter's box. Although he never was hit, he hit some Beijing was awarded the 2008 Olympics on Friday, winning the games for the world's most populous country for the first time. China has now become one of the leading exporters of machinery and electronics products in the world, latest statistics show.
t1366 The leader of the Roman Catholic Church in Britain has condemned discrimination against homosexuals and come out in favor of homosexual love, so long as it does not involve sex. Compuware Corp., a maker of software for mainframe computers, announced Monday that it eliminating about 245 jobs as it centralizes some product development. Ousted Kyrgyzstan president Kurmanbek Bakiyev said Tuesday for the first time since he was toppled in protests that he was ready to resign, as long as his security was guaranteed. Longtime supermodel Kate Moss recently revealed that 9x.Cthree months pregnant by magazine editor Jefferson Hack. Moss, who told the press in 1999 that after a stay in rehab, she was walking down the catwalk sober for the first time in her life, shares with Harper's Bazaar her advice on An exhibit spanning four centuries of French art is due to open Friday in Warsaw, representing the largest showing of its kind in central and eastern Europe of French masters from 1600 to 2000. Toy maker Mattel Inc. said Monday that international demand for its Barbie dolls, Hot Wheels vehicles and Matchbox cars offset domestic declines in the most recent quarter, sending sales up 6.5 percent. ANAHEIM ANGELS_Placed OF Tim Salmon on the 15-day disabled list. Recalled OF Jeff DaVanon from Salt Lake of the PCL. Activated C Jose Molina from the 15-day disabled list and optioned him to Salt Lake. Li Ruihuan, a Standing Committee member of the Political Bureau of the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee, met with Win Myint, vice-president of the Union Solidarity and Development Association of Myanmar, and his delegation here today.
t6796 South Korea's Daewoo Heavy Industries said here on Wednesday it expected to report a much lower-than-expected net profit of 130 billion won (166 million dollars) for the year to last December. A truck bomber attacked a revered Shiite shrine in the heart of Baghdad, killing at least 78 people and wounding more than 200 in a resumption of Iraq's relentless sectarian slaughter. The mosque's turquoise dome survived, but the blast buried some worshippers and badly burned others. A rebel faction in Nigeria's ruling party on Thursday called for sweeping inhouse reforms, prompting the suspension of its its leaders, in a clear sign of cracks ahead of the 2011 presidential vote. The government watchdog who rides herd on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on behalf of citizens resigned in disgust this week, saying the Bush administration has moved to silence him. A blistering half-century from opener Shahid Afridi and Younis Khan's solid 84 not out allowed Pakistan to set India a challenging 383-run target in the third and final Test here on Sunday. A three-piece suit requires equal parts style and confidence. Too little of either and you run the risk of looking like you're playing a gangster in a high school play. The leaders of India and Pakistan held ``frank and constructive'' talks about nuclear safeguards, the fighting in Kashmir and freer trade during their first formal talks in two years Sunday. They also agreed to meet again soon. A small-commodity distributing center, the largest in north China and comprising 12 malls in 300, 000 sq. m of shopping area, will be operational in the first half of next year.
t8317 A previously top secret film purporting to show US scientists doing an autopsy on an alien creature nearly 50 years ago will be shown in August at a UFO conference, sponsors of the event said Sunday. Satellite images show that Pakistan is building a new nuclear reactor that can produce weapons-grade plutonium, an American watchdog group said, warning that it could contribute to an atomic arms race with archrival India. The World Bank agreed at a high-level meeting here Sunday to raise more money for global aid and give emerging countries a greater say in how it is distributed. Elvis is back in the building. And The King is in company with supermodel Kathy Ireland, television decorator Christopher Lowell, designers Thomas Pheasant and Mariette Himes Gomez and lively artisan Susan Sargent. The body of Pope John Paul II was laid to rest in the crypt of Saint Peter's basilica on Friday, alongside many of his predecessors, after an open-air funeral mass attended by an estimated one million people. From his dugout canoe in the Napipi River, Jefferson Rojas spotted what he was after: a 40-foot-high "jagua" tree, its canopy dotted with dozens of thick-skinned fruits the size of tennis balls. Assailants armed with rockets and guns opened fire on the home of the Republic of Congo's defense minister Wednesday in an apparent assassination attempt blamed on disgruntled officers. The Swiss city of Lausanne is a candidate to host the 2002 World Cross country championships, it emerged in Lausanne on Wednesday following the final session of the International Athletics Federation (IAAF) council.
t1544 Former French president Valery Giscard d'Estaing announced on Tuesday he will not be a candidate in presidential polls due in April-May. On the first day of Year One A.T. -- After Tony, that is -- the "Sopranos"-viewing world was split in two camps. A jet carrying about 100 passengers skidded off the runway into a shallow river as it landed in Indonesia on Tuesday, injuring some 20 people, officials said. Two abandoned spacecraft are hidden in California's Mojave Desert, and they're not crashed UFOs. These relics were built by hopeful human engineers. An index of factory activity in the US northeast fell to a 20-month low, the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia said. Anyone searching for the highest forms of invertebrate life need look no further than the floor of the U.S. Senate last week and this. These spineless specimens go by various names -- Republican moderates; respected senior Republicans; Dick Lugar, John Warner, Pete Domenici, George Voinovich. Payless ShoeSource Inc., stymied by sluggish sales and heavy markdowns needed to clear summer shoes, warned its second-quarter and full-year profits and revenues will be sharply below analysts' expectations. France said on Friday that it does not oppose the price of Iraqi oil products being quoted in the European single currency, the euro.
t3025 Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Victor Possuvalyuk arrived in Bahrain Saturday as part of a Gulf tour, the official Gulf News Agency reported. The remains of a giant, birdlike dinosaur as tall as the formidable tyrannosaur have been found in China, a surprising discovery that indicates a more complicated evolutionary process for birds than originally thought, scientists said. Embattled Japanese automaker Toyota said Friday it will recall 600,000 Sienna minivans in the United States because of corrosion problems. Still, for the Sonics and their fans, the previous five Aprils have not exactly been rich with banjo music and chocolate kisses. For half a decade, the team that once was the king of Puget Sound spring has been among the unwashed. UN Secretary General Kofi Annan called Sunday for the Security Council to fix guidelines that would define when countries may go to war, as part of a sweeping package of UN reforms. Authorities staged three raids in suburban Maryland Monday to break up a major international car-theft ring operating in the Washington area and beyond that allegedly stole and shipped more than 1,000 luxury vehicles to West Africa and the Middle East in the past year. Former FBI agent Robert Hanssen pleaded guilty to spying for Moscow in an agreement aimed at providing a full accounting of the damage from one of America's gravest espionage cases. Li Peng, chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, met Friday with foreign delegates to the international symposium on the Prospects of Social Sciences and the Humanities in the 21st Century.
t3055 Britain's Hambros is the favourite to buy Standard Chartered bank's international stockbroking operation, a Hong Kong press report said Sunday. JP Morgan Chase &amp; Co. has struck a deal with the World Trade Center site's owner to build and move into one of five planned office towers at ground zero, with a hefty package of state and city incentives, three people familiar with the deal said. Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez said Cuba's Fidel Castro, who has not made a public appearance since handing over power to his brother in 2006, is active and "in very good health." Mom used to say that ``Men work from sun to sun, but a woman's work is never done.'' Things have changed over the years, but not as much as Mom would have liked. Twenty-four Iraqi insurgents were killed and six US soldiers wounded Sunday in a firefight in a Baghdad suburb, the US military said. So many writers come to France to write, and so many of them make ``la merde'' out of their careers, but British author Stephen Clarke is the only one I know of who has made a career out of la merde. Three books worth, to be precise: ``A Year Shares of Harrah's Entertainment Inc. dropped 17 percent in trading Friday after the gambling company said it will fall short of Wall Street's second-quarter estimates. Three-time world men's champion Alexei Yagudin took the lead of the men's competition while world' s top-ranked ice dancers Marina Anissina and Gwendal Peizerat led the dancing event at the Skate Canada Grand Prix figure skating event in Missisauga, Ontario.
t8085 The Fininvest media conglomerate, basis of the fortune of former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, said Saturday it planned legal action against the Milan public prosecutor for breach of confidentiality. A computerized pill box that patients can keep at home to dole out their drugs on schedule and in the correct doses received U.S. government approval Thursday. Paul Schaefer, a former Nazi corporal and founder of a mysterious German enclave in southern Chile, died Saturday in a prison hospital where he was serving 20 years for sexually abusing children, hospital officials said. CBS News is close to completing an agreement to extend Dan Rather's contract by up to three years, a deal that would keep him at CBS through 2006, people close to the negotiations said. Thousands of people began gathering at Manila's Luneta Park Friday for a prayer rally for the funeral of Pope John Paul II in Rome. The Bush administration is advancing a proposal to levy higher premiums and deductibles on upper-income seniors enrolled in Medicare's new prescription drug benefit, raising fees on beneficiaries with incomes over about $80,000 a year, administration officials said Thursday. A U.S. F-16 fighter jet crashed in southeastern Turkey on Wednesday as it was heading toward northern Iraq to patrol a no-fly zone, the U.S. military said. Iraq on Tuesday urged the Arab League (AL) to back its request to the United Nations that oil revenues under the U.N. oil-for-food program be used in supporting the Palestinians, the official Iraqi News Agency (INA) reported.
t9185 Israeli settlers erected Wednesday signs marked "Danger terrorists" along roads linking the autonomous areas of the Gaza Strip and Jericho. Rigoberto Uran of Colombia attacked on the final stretch to win the eighth stage of the Tour de Suisse on Saturday, while Russia's Vladimir Efimkin kept the overall lead. A Delta Airlines flight from Paris to Atlanta, Georgia made an unscheduled stop in Maine on Tuesday after a passenger became "disruptive," the airline and US authorities said. Half the senior class of Bertie High School in Windsor, N.C., dragged themselves out of bed at 5 a.m. on the second day of their trip to New York City. Two hours later, all signs of grogginess were gone. The six teen-age girls and their two advisers screamed and Grand National winner Hedgehunter arrived back in his native Ireland Sunday, 24 hours after capturing the world's most famous steeplechase, and was due to be paraded in front of adoring supporters at Leopardstown racecourse. The Supreme Court stopped the execution of Virginia death row inmate Christopher Scott Emmett Wednesday, a move that legal experts said might signal a nationwide halt on lethal injections until the justices decide next year whether the procedure amounts to cruel and unusual punishment. A fire raging for a second day Thursday in a train tunnel under Baltimore cast smoke over downtown offices, shut down the Orioles' ballpark, and burned fiber-optic cables, slowing Internet traffic across the mid-Atlantic. The United Nations and Iraq are discussing a possible compromise to the row over oil prices for December, Saeed Hasan, Iraq's ambassador to the U.N., said here Monday.
t516 A senior fraud investigator from the City of London police flew to Frankfurt to help the German police inquiry into the collapse of Barings bank, the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) said here Saturday. A battle between police and Taliban killed 20 suspected militants and two policemen in northwestern Afghanistan, while airstrikes and clashes left another 27 militants dead in the south, officials said Sunday. Nearly half of US newspaper and broadcast TV news executives believe their organizations will fold within 10 years unless they find new revenue streams, according to a survey released on Monday. Does it make sense for countries to punish one another for erecting barriers to trade by _ get this _ erecting more barriers to trade? KarstadtQuelle chairman Christoph Achenbach has offered to resign as head of the troubled German department store operator over strategic differences with the retail giant's supervisory board chief, the monthly "Manager Magazin" said in a report released on Wednesday. Police investigating last weekend's failed bomb attacks in London and Glasgow on Tuesday questioned foreign-born doctors who are suspected of plotting the attacks, while a suspicious piece of luggage at Heathrow Airport forced the evacuation of thousands of travelers and the cancellation of more than 100 flights. Venus Williams and Lindsay Davenport have won the last two Wimbledon championships and are heading toward a semifinal showdown this year. Non-state-run businesses have played a major role in contributing to the rapid progress of China 's national economy, a senior scholar said here in this capital city of northwest Shaanxi Province.
t640 Scoreboard at close of play on the second day of the centenary test match between New Zealand and South Africa at Eden Park here Sunday. A shooting inside a home killed six people, and a toddler was found in a nearby vehicle with a gunshot to the chest, the police chief said Sunday. A visit by Pope Benedict XVI to overwhelmingly Orthodox Cyprus on June 4 is seen as an opportunity to bring the faiths closer together, Catholic Church officials said on Monday. Richard Bradford, a novelist of the Southwest who wrote ``Red Sky at Morning,'' died March 23 at his home in Santa Fe, N.M. He was 69. British Prime Minister Tony Blair insisted on Wednesday that there was no deadline for Britain or Italy to pull their troops from Iraq despite an apparently conflicting comment by his Italian counterpart. A federal appeals court on Friday handed the Bush administration a major victory, ruling that plaintiffs who had challenged its domestic spying program did not have legal standing to do so. Orlando Cabrera hit a two-run double in the ninth inning as the Montreal Expos rallied for a 7-6 victory Saturday night over the Pittsburgh Pirates. Eight people were killed as a result of a Lao flight crashing in Houaphanh province of the country last Thursday, Lao official news agency KPL reported Monday.
t6020 Queen Elizabeth II praised South Africa's transition to democracy when she addressed a joint sitting of the post-apartheid parliament here Monday at the start of her visit for 48 years. An 11-year-old boy was dragged screaming from his family's tent and killed by a black bear during a Father's Day outing in the Utah wilderness. Days of flight cancellations caused by a lingering mammoth volcanic ash cloud came to an end Monday night for at least a few travellers who left New York's John F. Kennedy airport on flights home. Stephen M. Case, Richard D. Parsons and Robert W. Pittman, the men at the helm of AOL Time Warner, do not yet agree on just how the America Online Internet service _ one of the company's biggest divisions _ should evolve or on just how quickly it can grow French specialty chemicals group Rhodia is being probed for alleged accounting faults at a time when the new French Finance Minister Thierry Breton was a board member, the newspaper Les Echos alleged on Friday. By the time Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., took his turn early Tuesday afternoon, Gen. David H. Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan C. Crocker had been seated at the witness table for well over three hours. Most members of the Foreign Relations Committee had already left for lunch. Even the war Mika Hakkinen, seeking his first victory in a bleak season, recorded the best time Friday in practice for the British Grand Prix. The Paris Club of creditor nations has granted Kenya a debt rescheduling deal amounting to 288 million U.S. dollars, local newspapers reported Friday.
t2897 Senior officials from 10 central and western Asian nations gathered in Pakistan Saturday to prepare the ground for a summit next week aimed at forging stronger regional links. A Pennsylvania nursing student who told his dates tall tales of being a doctor, astronaut and a spy was convicted Wednesday of two counts of sexual assault, but acquitted of raping seven women. Japan's factory output fell by a revised 0.6 percent in February, official data showed Thursday, a slight improvement on a preliminary reading but still showing the first monthly fall in the past year. The Pentagon is preparing to send reinforcements into the war on terror with new troops expected to deploy to Yemen and the Philippines in the next few weeks, military officials said on Monday. A visibly tired Pope John Paul II appeared briefly at his apartment window to bless tens of thousands of pilgrims in St Peter's Square on Palm Sunday, the start of the Holy Week of Easter. In a probable blow to the Western-backed government, a key opposition leader Sunday declared victory in voting for a seat in parliament that was widely regarded as a proxy fight between the government and the pro-Syrian opposition. Two points from defeat, Patrick Rafter came back to shock Andre Agassi in five sets Friday and reach his second consecutive Wimbledon final. A Palestinian youth, 18, was shot dead by Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Friday afternoon in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Palestinian sources said.
t439 The United States came under mounting criticism in Japan on Saturday for its failure to stem the dollar's slide to a series of post-war lows against the yen. A look at how French voters choose members of the National Assembly, or lower house of parliament, in elections that start Sunday: Ukraine, the scene of the world's worst nuclear accident, pledged here Monday to dispose of all its stocks of highly enriched uranium by 2012, Ukrainian and US officials said. The Williams sisters came out on the court to the strains of ``We Are Family'' before their semifinal match Thursday at the Nasdaq-100 Open. But the setting provided a backdrop for Serena Williams to make her boldest statement yet in seven career matches against Venus. The government said Wednesday the Japanese economy was recovering but at a slow pace given some soft patches, leaving its assessment unchanged for a third straight month. In ``Trainspotting,'' Danny Boyle turned junkies into charismatic antiheroes. With ``28 Days Later,'' the British film director transformed typically lumbering zombies into sprinting killers. In his new movie, ``Sunshine,'' Boyle faced perhaps his greatest challenge yet: making weightless astronauts actually look ... weightless. Vice President Dick Cheney had a special pacemaker implanted in his chest Saturday. President Bush said, ``I'm told the operation went well.'' Western China should accelerate the development of the information industry to push forward the upgrading and restructuring of its local industry, experts attending the Western Forum of China said here today.
t7745 The Milan stock masrket scored a substantial gain on Friday as the Mibtel index finished at 9,528 points, up 1.16 percent by comparison with the Thursday close. Nearly 200 supporters of an Islamic separatist group in Indian-controlled Kashmir burned effigies of Salman Rushdie on Thursday, and marched to protest Britain's knighthood award to the Indian-born novelist. Greece faces desperate options on its debt dilemma now putting the eurozone close to dangerous contagion, analysts said as borrowing costs for Portugal shot up on Friday and the euro plunged. In 1968, artist Gunter Brus was invited to participate in a symposium on ``Art and Revolution'' at the University of Vienna. Brus was known for his shock tactics, but the organizers probably got more than they bargained for. As Roman Catholics gathered for the funeral of Pope John Paul II, some of those waiting in line to pay their respects in front of his body took the opportunity of confessing to priests on the street. The ruling, which came almost 10 months after the trial ended, found that Charlene Nguon was treated no differently than straight students. Obese people who exercise have half the death rate of those who are trim but don't exercise, a leading expert said Tuesday. Jordan's King Abdullah II arrived here Sunday on a one-day visit to Egypt for talks with President Hosni Mubarak on the latest situation in the Palestinian territories, the official Middle East News Agency reported.
t7990 Bosnian Serbs and Moslem-led government forces were locked in fierce fighting Saturday in the mountainous Majevica region of northeast Bosnia-Hercegovina, the Bosnian Serb news agency SRNA said. President Nestor Kirchner could see his conservative, pro-market rivals establish a major political beachhead when the nation's capital elects a new mayor Sunday, four months before the presidential vote. A US drone fired three missiles into a militant compound in Pakistan's tribal area near the Afghan border on Saturday, killing seven militants, security officials said. As New York's drought emergency continues unabated, and the prospect of a long, hot summer continues to morph into that of an infernal, bone-dry one, trout anglers are facing a variation on that most famous of Shakespearean, existential questions: to fish or not to fish. Chinese trailblazer Zhang Lian-wei has won famous head-to-head duels against Ernie Els, Colin Montgomerie and Nick Price in the past. Japan's Shigeki Maruyama could be next on his hit list. There were no reports of injuries. Homeowners had been warned Tuesday night to evacuate because the city geologist and a city consultant thought a landslide could be imminent. Vladimir Guerrero and Lee Stevens hit two-run homers as the Montreal Expos beat the Boston Red Sox 11-7 Tuesday night to avoid a sweep in their final interleague series this season. Three tasks have been prioritized by the Chinese Ministry of Communications to further develop containerized transport on Chinese inland rivers, said a senior official at a symposium recently held in Shanghai.
t1879 The German mark suddenly headed back down on Wednesday on the London foreign exchange market after interest rate hikes in several countries and statements by the German and US central banks aimed at calming the markets after a series of record highs for the mark since Thursday. Sudan on Tuesday accepted a revised plan for a joint African Union and United Nations peacekeeping force of between 17,000 and 19,000 troops in Darfur, a senior AU official said. Australian Danny Green stopped Puerto Rican Manny Siaca in the third round to retain his International Boxing Organisation world cruiserweight title here on Wednesday. Analogic Corp. of Peabody, Mass., has been awarded a government contract for sophisticated explosive-detection scanners for the nation's airports that could be worth upward of $500 million. Namibia is bidding farewell to its founding president and independence hero Sam Nujoma, who steps down Monday after 15 years in power, having accomplished his goal of "bringing freedom to the motherland." As part of an inquiry into corporate payments to violent groups in Colombia, a group of congressional representatives want more details about the U.S. Justice Department's handling of the Chiquita Brands International Inc. case, including whether the department was too lenient and why it took four years to file CLEVELAND INDIANS_Agreed to terms with RHP Daniel Denham and OF Michael Conroy and assigned them to Burlington of the Appalachian League. Hundreds of local sand sculptors and their counterparts from Japan today gathered at Shek O Beach, in Southern District of Hong Kong, to show their creativity and skills in the Hong Kong Sand Sculpture Competition.
t864 Philippine share prices declined 1.28 percent in thin trading Monday as a bearish sentiment continued to chase the bulls away, analysts said. Even with his brakes failing and the rain falling, Jeff Gordon showed that nothing could slow him down on the way to his fourth victory of the season. Taiwan has unveiled the first images of a high-tech missile corvette specifically designed to counter the threat of China acquiring an aircraft carrier, officials and media said Monday. When Andrew M. Phelps, an instructor at the Rochester Institute of Technology, explains how to use software to draw people and terrains, it might sound as if he is preparing his students to produce an animated film like ``Shrek.'' Greece was expected to face a series of strikes Thursday by workers protesting low wages and extended working hours, mostly affecting mainly transportation, banking, and numerous supermarkets and small shops. The bald eagle left the list of threatened and endangered species just in time for Independence Day last week, but will things look as good for another symbolic creature come Easter? Merlakia Jones scored eight of her 13 points over the final 3:23 and the Cleveland Rockers extended their home winning streak to 11 games with a 52-47 victory over the Minnesota Lynx on Sunday night. Shi said the frequent visits between Chinese and EU leaders have favored the development of bilateral trade and economic relations. The agreement reached between China and the EU in May this year on China's accession to the WTO, in particular, has strongly pushed forward Sino-EU cooperation in trade and
t9076 Lawmakers prepared Tuesday to vote on a landmark term-limit measure, described by supporters as a way to change the face of US politics but by detractors as a cynical ploy to win votes. Indian police arrested three people in Calcutta and seized 183 kilograms (403 pounds) of coins after the central bank asked police to investigate an unusual coin shortage in the city, officials said Saturday. Japanese high-tech giant Canon Inc. said Monday that its first quarter net profit more than tripled to over 600 million dollars year on year and raised its profit forecast for 2010. Federal authorities have concluded that there is no evidence that Mohamed Atta, the suspected ringleader of the Sept. 11 attacks, met with an Iraqi intelligence officer before the hijackings. A new official Danish study reveals that authorities in the Scandinavian country deported at least 19 Jews to Germany during World War II despite warnings that they might be killed, media reported on Sunday. The caucuses -- a statewide gathering of party members who cast their votes in a series of precinct-level meetings -- originally were scheduled for Jan. 14. But the 2008 political calendar has been in flux for months, since Florida and other states began pushing their vote forward to have The government suspended all federally funded research on human subjects at Johns Hopkins University on Thursday following the death of a healthy volunteer during an asthma experiment. After winning the first World Cup individual race of the season, Zdenek Vitek anchored the Czech Republic biathlon team to victory Sunday in the opening men's relay in Anterselva, Italy, reports said.
t8242 One miner was killed, six were injured and up to 40 trapped Sunday when a blast caused a rockfall in a coal mine at Sorgun, 200 kilometers (120 miles) east of here, press reports said. The smallest of five office towers planned for the World Trade Center site has a boxy extension that juts out toward the site and overlooks a small church, creating an "outdoor room" at street level, the building's chief architect said Thursday. President Barack Obama drove up a mountaintop Sunday to pray with Billy Graham, the American preacher who harnessed the media and made Christian evangelism a global phenomenon. If political cartoons aren't an editorial page editor's biggest headache, they're in the top 1.2 percent. People tend to react strongly to those images offered on the editorial and op-ed pages seven days a week. On Sundays, there are usually more opportunities to provoke reaction. Munich Re, the world's leading reinsurer, is "not one of the accused" in the current fraud probe against beleaguered US insurer American International Group (AIG), the head of the German group Nikolaus von Bomhard said Friday. Bush's long-promised veto Wednesday set off an ideological battle about who holds responsibility for extending health- care benefits to uninsured children: the government or the private sector. When the clock struck midnight, free agents were supposed to be able to sign new contracts. Instead, a late-night argument by attorneys for the league and the players' union forced everyone to wait. Business-to-business (B2B) technology will improve operating margins through the supply chain, from purchasing to manufacturing and selling, by allowing companies to develop and exploit collaborative models, said a new report released Tuesday.
t8355 A complaint by Chinese dissident Zhou Guoqiang against police for alleged penal code and rights violations will be heard Wednesday in the re-education camp near Longjiang where he is being held, his wife said Monday. A federal judge declined to revoke former Mayor Marion Barry's probation, which would have sent him to prison for failing to file his 2005 tax returns on time. Rangers won the Scottish Premier League title after a 1-0 win away to Hibernian at Easter Road here on Sunday gave them an unbeatable lead over nearest challengers Celtic. If President Bush wants to influence world behavior in ways beneficial to the United States, he needs to re-examine his go-it-alone policies that are leaving us isolated on several policy fronts. President George W. Bush said Friday the funeral service for the late Pope John Paul II helped reaffirm his personal faith, and lauded the pontiff's "strong" legacy. Iran agreed to reopen the five border crossings after the Kurdish regional authorities sent a delegation to Tehran, the Iranian capital, to argue that they should not be punished for a dispute with the United States. Sandwiched between a mineral water ad and toothpaste news is a photo of a young woman contemplating whether to take the abortion pill RU-486. The Indonesian House of Representatives expected here Wednesday that the upcoming peace talks between representatives of the Indonesian government and the Free Aceh Movement (GAM) of Aceh Province would be beneficial and bring an end to the tension and violence there.
t8795 A senior Palestinian official has edited a map of Palestine showing Tel Aviv and other towns in Israel as Jewish settlements, Israeli radio said Tuesday. The storm clouds are gathering over the world's most famous wizard in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix," the fifth film to be adapted from J.K. Rowling's magical saga. On-loan AS Roma forward Luca Toni said he is still dreaming of a place in Italy coach Marcello Lippi's World Cup squad in South Africa after bouncing back to form since the turn of the year. If any executive represented the entrepreneurial epoch that was supposed to make telecommunications cheaper and the choices more plentiful in an era of deregulation, it was WorldCom's Bernard J. Ebbers. A Sudanese national was beheaded by the sword Saturday in the Red Sea city of Jeddah after being convicted of drug smuggling, the Saudi interior ministry said. Former Vice President Al Gore, who has waged a decades-long fight against global warming, on Friday shared the Nobel Peace Prize with a Geneva-based United Nations climate group. The choice of Gore delivered a symbolic rebuke to the Bush administration, which has opposed calls for mandatory greenhouse gas reductions, In her more than 50-year career in the fashion industry, designer Pauline Trigere has had many labels attached to her name. MANILA, December 1 (Xinhua) -- The extremist Abu Sayyaf group will not be covered by the military's suspension of offensive military operations (SOMO) that will start on December 1 in Mindanao, the Philippine government stressed Friday.
t6457 Jean Tigana, one of France's midfield musketeers alongside Michel Platini in the 1980s, quit as coach of Lyon on Tuesday. North Korea has possession of funds frozen in a dispute with the United States that had stalled progress on dismantling its nuclear program, a U.S. diplomat said Tuesday, as Pyongyang fired off a short-range missile toward Japan that officials were quick to downplay. Iran on Wednesday reiterated its rule over three disputed Gulf islands and rebuked the United Arab Emirates for comparing Tehran's control to an Israeli occupation. The cries are getting louder from many artists and record companies. Sheryl Crow calls it ``shoplifting.'' Elvis Costello calls it ``stealing.'' But many young music fans are calling it their personal right in the digital age. Iraqi forces said Saturday they had arrested 120 suspects, including foreign Arabs, Pakistanis and Afghans, on suspicion of planning attacks against the country's Shiite majority on the eve of a religious holiday. Q. My mom retired, sold her house and bought a condo. She's debating whether to pay for it in full or pay the mortgage monthly to get the tax benefits. Her income will be interest from investments, Social Security and a pension, for about $60,000 a year. The average A Chinese court convicted an American business professor on Saturday of spying and ordered him expelled from China, the official Xinhua News Agency reported. The United States, the world's biggest emitter of greenhouse gases, was urged to take the lead in reducing such gas emissions at the United Nations convention on climate change on Monday.
t2996 "My big year will come next year but there's a lot to do -- I need to work on my acceleration and start to rival the best." A powerful earthquake shook Guatemala and parts of El Salvador on Wednesday, causing traffic chaos in Guatemala City and some landslides outside the capital. There were no immediate reports of major damage or injuries. Flights in northern Scotland were grounded Thursday as an ash cloud from a volcano eruption in Iceland drifted over the country, said air traffic control service NATS. Oil prices, already up 40 percent this year, swung wildly on Monday, with political turmoil from the Middle East to Venezuela threatening to crimp energy supplies just as seasonal demand in the United States is starting to rise. US Defense Donald Rumsfeld on Sunday hailed the liberation of Iraq and its moves toward democracy on the two year anniversary of the US-led invasion of the country, even as insurgents launched fresh attacks on US troops and Iraqi officials. China's Olympic organizers said Monday that they will not allow the 2008 Beijing Games to be turned into a sounding board for foreigners with a political agenda. But even as they spoke, foreign demonstrators demanded the release of political prisoners and unfurled a banner depicting the five Olympic rings Five days after being traded from Edmonton to St. Louis, All-Star center Doug Weight says he's beginning to feel comfortable with the Blues. The government would then dissolve the House of Representatives next week, so that the Election Commission would have about 50 days to prepare for the election, he confirmed.
t8843 Britain declined to comment Tuesday on Washington's call for an international oil embargo on Libya to pressure it to hand over two suspects in the 1988 bombing of a US airliner over Lockerbie, Scotland, that killed 270 people. Gold for current delivery closed at $653.50 per troy ounce Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $650.60 late Thursday. A court on Monday cleared the widower of British reality television star Jade Goody, who died of cancer last year, of rape. Anaheim Angels manager Mike Scioscia promised his club would hit, he just didn't say it would happen all in one game. Newlyweds Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, left for their honeymoon in Scotland on Saturday after their wedding in Windsor. A veteran Washington Post special correspondent was shot to death Sunday in southwest Baghdad while on assignment, the first reporter for the newspaper to be killed during the Iraq war. Nepal's prime minister resigned Thursday, beset by a Maoist insurgency, a bribery scandal and recriminations over a massacre that wiped out much of the royal family. At least 60 Nigerians were reportedly burnt to death in a pipeline explosion on Thursday in the country's commercial capital Lagos.
t4502 Italian Renato Ruggiero is emerging as the front-runner to take over leadership of the World Trade Organisation, WTO board director M.K. Kesavapany said Wednesday. Hamas said Friday it has made contact with the captors of kidnapped BBC journalist Alan Johnston, and is taking "serious and practical steps" to win his release. Asia-Pacific airlines cancelled dozens of European flights for a third day on Sunday and warned that chaos caused by a freak volcanic ash cloud could last for a week. For years, feminist politicians have proudly displayed bumper stickers saying, ``A Woman's Place Is in the House _ and the Senate.'' Hong Kong share prices closed the Wednesday morning session 1.13 percent lower on Wall Street's overnight falls and the prospects for another round of local interest rate hikes, dealers said. "I traded a guy a guitar and some cash for it," he said. "There's a real reason why these guitars are so valuable, and it goes far beyond the famous people who have owned them. They have a sound that can't be replicated." Major drug makers spend nearly twice as much to advertise their medicines than to research and develop them, says a consumer group that blames aggressive marketing for soaring drug prices. Ukraine's police, together with special services from other countries, believed they have crushed a drug-smuggling network by arresting dozens of drug traffickers and seizing several kilograms of heroin, Interfax-Ukraine news agency reported Thursday.
t5437 First Lady Hillary Clinton begins a five-nation tour of south Asia next week to meet with key women leaders and strengthen US ties in the region, the White House said Friday. Nepal's former rebels have agreed to allow United Nations arms monitors to resume the disbanding of thousands of fighters confined in camps as part of a peace agreement, a senior government minister said Monday. Discovery made a safe return to Earth Tuesday after a two-week resupply mission to the International Space Station that broke new ground by putting four women in orbit for the first time. However, with no cease-fire in place and Israeli troops still in the West Bank, Bush reiterated many of the same demands he made almost two weeks ago when he dispatched Powell to the region. Soe Soe, a 29-year-old woman working in Myanmar's struggling garment manufacturing industry, can barely remember the last time she had a day off. Q. Can I use both Windows Media Player and iTunes with the same music collection? I have an iPod, but I can't use iTunes in my PC's Media Center interface. Convicted murderer Ira Einhorn lost what effectively was his last chance to avoid extradition to the United States, and later Thursday attempted suicide at his house in southwestern France, his lawyer said. John Tsang Chun-wah, commissioner of customs and excise of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, said demands for customs services around the world have changed dramatically because of an increase in the volume of international trade and the rapid development of technology.
t1973 The pro-government Egyptian newspaper Al Ahram on Thursday charged Washington with "passivity" in Middle East peace moves and called for stronger US positions on Israeli policies toward Syria and nuclear power. Pakistan World Cup cricket coach Bob Woolmer died from natural causes and was not strangled as police earlier concluded, Jamaican Police Commissioner Lucius Thomas said Tuesday in announcing the end of an international homicide investigation. The date of Poland's presidential election will be announced on April 21, after the funeral of late leader Lech Kaczynski, interim president Bronislaw Komorowski said Wednesday. Robert Tulloch sat expressionlessly and James Parker wept as the daughters and friends of the Dartmouth College couple they stabbed to death talked about their loss just before each teen-ager was sentenced to prison on Thursday for the murders. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrived in Japan Friday on the fourth leg of her six-nation Asian tour, the first since she took office in January. Drinking as little as one can of soda per day -- either regular or diet -- is associated with a 48 percent increased risk of ``metabolic syndrome,'' a key predecessor of heart disease and diabetes, according to new results released Monday. Two years into their mission in Kosovo, U.S. forces have made a significant strategic shift, launching foot patrols in the mountains to cut supply lines to ethnic Albanian rebels in Macedonia _ and preserve the fragile peace in Kosovo. Yinchuan, capital of northwest China's Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, has set up 100,000 greenhouses for growing vegetables, considerably increasing local farmers' economic income.
t5928 The dollar fell to a new low of 88.65 yen early Monday on the Tokyo foreign-exchange market before recovering slightly, dealers said. In a fierce three-day battle, Afghan officials said more than 100 people -- including militants, civilians, and police -- have been killed in fighting between NATO and insurgents, while U.S.-led coalition jets bombed a suspected al-Qaida compound, killing seven boys and several fighters. The Polish national aviation authority on Tuesday decided to keep airspace closed above all the country's airports, its spokesman told AFP. These Sports stories for release Saturday, April 20, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. The death toll in an outbreak of the deadly Ebola-like Marburg virus in Angola has risen to 113, with 111 deaths in a northern province and two in the capital Luanda, health officials said Friday. Maria Currano isn't a doctor, but for people who speak only Spanish and need to go to the hospital, she could be just as important. There always have been two sides to California Rep. Gary Condit. Until his relationship with a missing young intern became known, both sides seemed ordinary enough. A Florida court in the United Stated ruled Friday that Secretary of State Katherine Harris has the authority to reject late votes, handing a victory to Republican presidential candidate George W. Bush.
t9066 Arab League secretary general Esmat Abdel Meguid on Tuesday denounced US moves to obtain an oil embargo on Libya for its suspected role in blowing up a Pan American airliner over Scotland. Kenny Rogers, making his first start of the season after a blood clot was removed from his pitching shoulder, allowed two hits over six innings Friday to lead the Detroit Tigers past the Atlanta Braves 5-0. Missiles fired from a US drone aircraft killed at least four militants on Monday in Pakistan's northwest tribal belt near the Afghan border, security officials said. Now that the Connecticut women's basketball team has recorded its third national championship and second undefeated season in eight years, what does coach Geno Auriemma do for an encore? China must take necessary steps before winning unanimous support to join the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB), a senior US official said Sunday. Retired New York federal judge Michael B. Mukasey is likely to win quick Senate approval as attorney general, two key Democrats said Tuesday after meeting with him on the eve of his confirmation hearings. Worries are mounting in Europe that the persistent imbalance between a weak euro and strong dollar could sabotage a global economic recovery, hammering companies with higher costs and boosting prices of U.S. exports overseas. Organized by the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) in conjunction with the United Nations AIDS (UNAIDS), the United Nations Development Program (UNDP), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the World Bank and other partners, the ADF 2000 has been designed to serve as a launching pad for
t3942 About 10 generals and senior officers loyal to Russia's former deputy defense minister have refused to vacate their offices despite being ordered to do so by Defense Minister Pavel Grachev, a spokesman for the rebels said Tuesday. A roadside bomb killed seven Thai government soldiers Friday in one of the deadliest attacks against security forces this year in Thailand's restive south. Two suicide bombers dressed in burqas struck a crowd of displaced people collecting aid handouts, killing at least 32 and wounding more than 50 on Saturday at a camp in northwest Pakistan. The priest said he feels like a pastoral pinch-hitter in need of compassion and a compass, the way he was suddenly ordered to a parish in which he had never set foot. Singapore shares closed flat Tuesday with sentiment cautious ahead of a US Federal Open Market Committee meeting and an expected further hike in US interest rates, dealers said. Amid concern over the frenzy of entertainment blogs and tabloids competing for inside information on Paris Hilton's days in jail and Mel Gibson's tirade during a drunk-driving arrest, state lawmakers have taken steps to clamp down on some forms of checkbook journalism. A federal SUV lost control on a foggy, rain-slicked mountain road Monday, plowing into a bus carrying coffee workers that then plunged off a 150-foot cliff. At least eight bus passengers were killed and 18 injured. Construction of the three projects power projects will help raise Guizhou's total installed capacity to 13 million kilowatts by the end of 2005 from the current 6 million kilowatts.
t4418 The World Bank, which is supporting Mozambique's economic reforms, has hit out at the government's control of cashew nuts - the country's main export crop. Russian authorities tried to turn the tables on Britain over the poisoning death of ex-KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko, saying Friday they were investigating allegations of British espionage made by the suspect British prosecutors have named in the case. German scientists will take to the skies on Monday to measure the amount of volcanic ash from Iceland in the atmosphere, the country's national research centre for aeronautics and space said. He has a needy team, a revamped organization and an entire baseball-crazed town analyzing everything he does. With Pedro Martinez, every fastball, every facial expression and every fist pump is scrutinized. When Martinez opposes the Yankees, the intensity soars even higher. We have Pedro, the Red Sox faithful believe, Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho said Tuesday his focus on his job has not been hurt by UEFA's decision to open disciplinary proceedings against him and the London-based club on charges of bringing the game into disrepute. For a child, there are few things like the tingly-tense sensation that comes with the ringing of morning school bells. There always seems to be a promise in that speeded-up rhythm, an old sound that elicits the shiver of the new. Wynonna says she loves her mother, Naomi Judd, but singing with her on their reunion tour last year was a trying experience. The Foreign Affairs Committee of the Chinese National People's Congress issued a statement here today, voicing strong indignation over and opposition against the US administration's endorsement of an Act that contains anti-China provisions.
t4627 AC Milan stayed on course for their sixth European Champions Cup win after drawing 0-0 with Benfica here on Wednesday to reach the semi- finals. After 35 years of giving away prizes, newly retired Bob Barker picked up one of his own at the Daytime Emmy Awards. Marco Fu was the first significant name to fall in the world championship after the Hong Kong star squandered an 8-6 lead to lose his first-round tie with Martin Gould 10-9 on Monday. ``The patient needs the unit. She's sick, and she's definitely not surgical!'' said Diane, the surgical resident, as she finished up her consultation note. Kendrick, one of my internal medicine residents, stood by, looking distressed. I had just come into the emergency department for my evening shift. German first division side SV Hamburg are in talks with Japanese international striker Naohiro Takahara about a lucrative new deal to keep him at the AOL-Arena. California and Florida plan to require the carbon content of tailpipe emissions to drop by at least 10 percent by 2020. That won't help just Toyota and its hybrid vehicles. Tenneco, a U.S. automotive-parts supplier of emission-reduction technologies for diesel-fueled engines, could benefit, Citigroup said. Tenneco is up 25 President Bush met privately with a group of bioethicists Tuesday evening as he sorts through competing questions of the science and morality of embryonic stem cell research. The following are latest facts and figures about China's main import commodities from the Netherlands from January to September this year, released by the General Administration of Customs:
t8087 Sri Lanka won the toss and put New Zealand in to bat in the first of three one-day internationals at Lancaster Park here Sunday. Police say a 16-year-old Texas boy shot his mother repeatedly in the head, burned her body in a trash heap and spent more than $7,000 (euro5,225) from her bank account on video games, stereo equipment and paintball supplies. An exquisite finish by Nani helped send Manchester United back to the top of the English Premier League table after a 3-1 win over Tottenham Hotspur at Old Trafford here on Saturday. As the publicity machine prepares to make the jump to hyperspeed for the May 16 opening of ``Star Wars: Episode 2 _ Attack of the Clones,'' George Lucas and his team of marketers and merchandisers understand that some repair work was needed on their durable and lucrative series. Hong Kong share prices closed 0.47 percent higher Friday as Wall Street's gains and a continued fall in oil prices boosted sentiment, with Macau concept stocks leading trading activity, dealers said. Marriott International said its third-quarter profit fell 7.1 percent and issued an earnings forecast for the coming year that was below analysts' expectations, adding to signs that the four-year boom in the hotel industry is decelerating. A U.S. F-16 fighter jet crashed in southeastern Turkey on Wednesday as it was heading toward northern Iraq to patrol a no-fly zone, the U.S. military said. Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina will leave here on December 2 on a nine-day official visit to three European countries of Italy, Germany and Switzerland, Foreign Ministry sources said here Tuesday.
t6581 France condemned the massive Turkish offensive on Kurdish bases in Iraq Tuesday saying that the operation violated Iraq's territorial integrity and democratic principles. Sri Lanka's navy claimed it destroyed five separatist Tamil rebel boats, killing about 40 guerrillas, during a sea battle Tuesday off the island's northern coast. The sinking of a South Korean warship near the border with the North is a wake up call to the realities of living next door to the world's "most belligerent" state, the South's president said Wednesday. The gruff South Florida police chief who merited a handful of passing mentions in the local newspaper in the 1950s and loomed large as the difficult-to-please father of one of the area's favorite sons, died last week. He was 95. England's Lee Westwood and American Joe Durant shared the clubhouse lead here Saturday when darkness halted second-round play at the rain-interrupted US PGA Players Championship. In all, the stock, retirement and potential severance packages for the top five executives are valued at $166 million, with about half of that targeted for one-time Chief Executive Robert Catell, who remains chairman of National Grid USA. Three of the five executives already have left, triggering severance payments Lance Armstrong teammate Christian Vande Velde was forced to quit the Tour de France on Saturday after breaking his left forearm in a crash on a slippery road. China is expected to become the biggest online advertising market in the next few years despite the recent roller-coaster of the dotcom community, said DoubleClick, the world's largest online advertising player in Shanghai.
t5832 A habitual criminal escaped another prison sentence after winning 2.7 million German marks (1.95 million dollars) on the lottery, judicial officials said Sunday. Israeli soldiers and Palestinian gunmen exchanged fire Monday at the Erez crossing between Israel and Gaza, killing one Palestinian and wounding at least 10, the Israeli rescue service and Palestinian hospital officials said. Nordic telecoms giant TeliaSonera said on Tuesday it had returned to profit in the first quarter but also reported a drop in sales, but analysts said the results were lower than expected. I have found the job I want when it's time to hang up my green-eyeshade editor's visor and quit dealing with deadlines, missed newspapers and mistakes that stay in print for an eternity. Vietnam's consumer price index (CPI) rose 8.4 percent in March from a year earlier but was up only 0.1 percent compared with February, preliminary figures showed Friday. "When I did `The Dead Zone,' people were saying the violence is more restrained; `It's not like his horror films,' " Cronenberg relates. " The next movie I did was `The Fly,' and it was very violent because that was the movie. Wayne Gretzky created a sensation in a non-hockey town when he was traded to the Los Angeles Kings in 1988. Ted Leonsis is spending more than $25 million in hopes that Jaromir Jagr can do the same for his Washington Capitals. Kong Keming, a poor farmer in Yongjing County in northwest China's Gansu Province, is now leading a better life thanks to a loan provided by the local agricultural bank.
t2221 The Paris Bourse nosedived on Thursday as the CAC 40 index finished at 1,727.07 points, down 1.69 percent from the Wednesday close. Sen. Harry Reid, leader of the majority Democrats in the U.S. Senate, said Tuesday the Senate will face another round of votes on the Iraq war before the July 4 U.S. Independence Day recess, a strategy intended to show that Democrats are not giving up trying to end the South Korea's jobless rate declined for a second consecutive month in March in a further sign that Asia's fourth largest economy is recovering from the global slump, data showed Wednesday. The emergence of a moderate El Nino effect led hurricane prognosticator William Gray to tweak down his 2002 forecast, but he is still calling for an above-average season. A man who served as a minister's bodyguard in the former Yugoslav republic of Macedonia is to appear before the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia on Monday to enter a plea on charges of murder, the ICTY said on Friday. Two workers were killed and four others were seriously injured Thursday afternoon in an explosion on the edge of Kern County's Mojave Airport during the test of a propellant system for a pioneering private spaceship. BATTING_Alou, Houston, .368; Aurilia, San Francisco, .356; LGonzalez, Arizona, .356; Berkman, Houston, .355; BGiles, Pittsburgh, .347; LWalker, Colorado, .343; Pujols, St. Louis, .339; Floyd, Florida, .339. The Conference Board, one of the prominent business research groups in the United States, said the Consumer Confidence Index now stands at 135.2, down from the revised 142.5 in September and the record high of 144.7 in May and January.
t8942 Spain asked the World Court on Tuesday to arbitrate its conflict with Canada over fishing rights on the high seas, court sources said. New requirements to track down, deport and permanently bar people who overstay their visas would be added to a broad immigration bill under a Republican bid to attract more support from the party's lawmakers. Ivory Coast striker Salomon Kalou scored his first hat-trick for Chelsea as African goal poachers left their mark on the major European leagues at the weekend. You've probably heard that adding fiber to your diet is good for the body. Incorporating fiber into your home decor can be good for the soul. Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura on Sunday summoned China's ambassador to Japan to protest a violent anti-Japanese rally that drew up to 10,000 people in Beijing. "There will have to come a time when the Palestinian people will have to decide whether the prospect of that state is in their interest, and I think they will decide that it is," Rice said after meeting with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. "But people are going to House and Senate negotiators shook hands Thursday on a compromise $6.5 billion measure for defense and other programs this year without disaster aid that had pitted the No. 3 House Republican against the Bush administration. The newly-elected Mexican President Vicente Fox was sworn in on Friday, ending the 71-year rule of the country's largest party the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
t7499 The dollar firmed against the yen early Friday in Tokyo, trading at 88.54-58 yen at 9 a.m. (2400 GMT Thursday), up from New York's late Thursday rate of 88.15 yen. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said Wednesday he personally initiated his department's role in a Supreme Court case that could hurt shareholders' efforts to recover losses in securities fraud lawsuits. The global economic crisis has slammed efforts to cut poverty worldwide, but plans are still on track to meet a key goal by 2015, the World Bank said here on Friday. The Astros agreed to pay Enron because the team wanted to distance itself as far and as quickly as possible from the bankrupt company. With creditor approval, Judge Arthur Gonzalez allowed Enron to terminate its 30-year, $100 million deal to name the ballpark. Malaysia has lifted its tsunami alert, telling people living in its northwestern coastal areas that it was safe to return, an official said Tuesday. Occasionally you can also set up surprise gifts or treats for him to find throughout the house, such as a new book or puzzle, or a newly released DVD he's been longing to see. A man accused of shooting four people pleaded innocent to four counts of first-degree murder Monday, and police said he told them he ``felt sorry about what happened.'' A hailstorm swept through southern Zimbabwe this week, injuring at least 30 people, seven of them seriously, and destroying property worth 13 million Zimbabwean dollars (240,000 U.S. dollars), the Herald newspaper reported on Friday.
t3608 Families of Jordanians and Palestinians jailed in Kuwait for allegedly collaborating with Iraq staged a sit-in protest here Monday to plead for international help for the prisoners. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Thursday he had lost confidence in Gen. Peter Pace and was happy to learn the four-star general will not remain chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Reid also said he was concerned Gen. David Petraeus might not be offering an honest assessment Air travellers are facing prolonged delays after a huge cloud of ash from an Icelandic volcano provoked the most extensive shutdown of airspace since the September 11 attacks in 2001. But Mavericks coach Don Nelson might be more inclined to rest his star forward based on the way the remainder of the team played in out-boxing the Portland Trail Blazers 108-96 on Tuesday. German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder gave his support on Monday to a stronger US dollar, in an interview with the N-TV rolling television news station. Off the bustling main street of this erstwhile Gold Rush boomtown, up a lane from the bed-and-breakfast establishments and renovated brick storefronts and flocks of tourists, a bulky and aged factory looms like an elephant at a tea party, its windows cracked and its corrugated steel roof long ago Tom Glavine tossed seven shutout innings and Brian Jordan was 4-for-4 with a homer and two RBIs to lead the Atlanta Braves past the Boston Red Sox 8-0 Sunday. Fokion Fotiadis said that through the memorandum, Romania had been given the largest amount of money on behalf of the European Union in one year in form of non-repayable funds.
t9139 Several dozen supporters of an Indian opposition party were briefly detained here Wednesday during a protest called to coincide with a visit by US First Lady Hillary Clinton, police said. Ernest Sweat paused by the charred pine trunk he found burning like a match two months ago and wondered -- could he have stopped the largest wildfire in the Southeastern U.S. in more than a century? Australian police Monday shut down a concert by teenage Canadian singer Justin Bieber over crowd safety fears after young fans were injured in surges hours before the free event was due to start. You began to believe this would be a unique Kentucky Derby when you learned that on Saturday they will honor a jockey who won this race as recently as 100 years ago. It took triple Masters champion Tiger Woods only three holes to wipe out a four-shot defecit and take the lead in the third round of the Masters here on Sunday morning. Seventeen years living in Maryland, and I'd never seen Point Lookout. I love the Eastern Shore, but the communities along the Upper Chesapeake? New to me. Sales, 4 p.m. price and net change of the 15 most active New York Stock Exchange issues, trading nationally at more than $1. When Mao Zedong, leader of the first generation of new China, declared the founding of new China in 1949, the world was experiencing the Cold War.
t7848 The Aum Supreme Truth religious sect possessed all the chemicals needed to produce the deadly nerve-gas Sarin and enough of them to kill 4.2 million people, the daily Yomiuri Shimbun said Saturday. Participants of a Japan-hosted international conference on Afghanistan agreed Thursday to step up their effort to persuade illegal armed groups to disband and restore public safety in that country, officials said. Japanese shares were down 0.31 percent by noon on Friday as gains among companies with higher earnings prospects offset concern over the yen's rise against the beleaguered euro, analysts said. The raw conditions at California Speedway on Friday _ overcast, windy and about 60 degrees _ were horrible for spectators and team members but conducive for fast cars. US stocks extended their rally Thursday, keeping momentum from gains in the past few sessions after oil prices fell sharply and a strong earnings report from Alcoa lifted investor sentiment. Supporters of the resolution believed its prospects had brightened after Democrats took control of Congress earlier this year and Nancy Pelosi, an ally, became House speaker. For the fourth time in six years, the House endorsed a constitutional amendment to protect the American flag from desecration. "Italy faces a wide range of risks because of climate change," said Giampiero Maracchi, director of the agrometeorology and climate unit of the Italian National Research Institute.
t9064 Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev said here Tuesday that he was pleased with what he saw as Arab support for the Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty (NPT) and criticized Israel for not joining. Six Flags and Cedar Fair shut down eight more thrill rides around North America on after a teenage girl's feet were sliced off during a ride in Kentucky. South Korea's president called Monday for a thorough probe into claims by a businessman that he had offered dozens of state prosecutors cash and sex with prostitutes in return for favours. He has been jilted and he has done some jilting, but Marvin Lewis finds himself the defensive coordinator for the Washington Redskins. Not a head coach. Not yet. Two Japanese students were beaten up in Shanghai amid violent anti-Japan protests across China, the foreign ministry here said Sunday. President Bush sent legislation to Congress Tuesday to revamp the health-care and disability system for U.S troops wounded in Iraq or Afghanistan by eliminating duplicative bureaucracy and providing more assistance to families dealing with the long-term effects of their injuries. The European Union opened an investigation into the planned three-way merger between steel companies from France, Spain and Luxembourg that would create the world's biggest steelmaker. The price index of Jordan's Amman Financial Market closed at 133.96 points on Sunday, 0.24 points lower than Thursday's finish.
t34 Representatives of some 2,500 aid bodies meet here Friday to kick off the ten-day Forum for Non-Governmental Organisations, the opener to next week's UN World Summit for Social Development. Israel has told Syrian leaders it is willing to give up the captured Golan Heights as part of a peace deal that would require Syria to distance itself from Iran's virulently anti-Israel regime, a newspaper reported. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday the United States could not rule out using nuclear weapons if it came under biological attack, saying in that case "all bets are off." The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Some 5,000 protestors demonstrated in Kyrgyzstan's key opposition heartland of Jalal-Abad on Tuesday while elsewhere protestors held two local officials hostage to express anger at alleged election rigging by President Askar Akayev's administration. ``Having Fun Yet?'' is the subject line of an e-mail fundraiser sent this week by Bill Clinton for his wife's presidential campaign. Fidel Castro asked the Cuban people for their forgiveness in advance Friday for any ``passing unpleasantness'' they may experience the day he dies. Sri Lanka's new Cabinet of Ministers was sworn in on Thursday before President Chandrika Kumaratunga at her President's House residence here.
t8044 Eight separate fires broke out in the Mexico City area, killing one person and leaving 2,500 homeless, authorities said Saturday. On his first two albums, 50 Cent was the main star with little room for supporting players. With the exception of appearances by the likes of friends like Eminem and Young Buck, most of the songs were pure 50. President Hosni Mubarak on Saturday pledged a fair election in Egypt next year in his first speech since he had an operation last month, but also warned the opposition against "gambling" with stability. John Sciarra took the snap and worried only about the pass rushers and defensive backs eyeing the ball. Those he could handle. Pope John Paul II's grave in the crypt of Saint Peter's Basilica will be marked by a simple marble slab, in stark contrast to the ornately sculpted tombs in which many of his predecessors are interred. Need some crafty Halloween ideas? Check out Fine Living TV Network's "Martha Stewart's Halloween Special: Bad Things, Good Things" at 2 p.m. Saturday and 6 p.m. Sunday. From creative costumes to ghoulish gourds, watch Stewart put her unique spin on this fun holiday. Campaigning for the White House last year, President Bush vowed repeatedly to summon the ``armies of compassion'' in every community to attack the nation's social ills. Turkish police seized 135.9 kilograms of heroin in the northeastern province of Edirne on Tuesday, the Anatolia News Agency reported.
t3917 The main air hub for Russia's far east territories is struggling to operate and has grounded most of its planes because of a lack of funds to buy fuel, ITAR-TASS news agency reported Tuesday. A convicted drug trafficker who infiltrated a group of men accused of devising a plot to bomb Kennedy Airport had previously offered help to investigators in exchange for a lighter punishment, according to documents posted on a Web site. Winds blowing a massive volcanic ash cloud from Iceland to Europe will continue in the same direction for at least two days and could go on until the middle of next week, the Icelandic Meteorological Office said Saturday. Sergio Garcia and Angel Cabrera, who were tied for second place in the Masters with opening-round 68s, each had legitimate reasons to feel good about their chances. The Swiss high-tech industrial group Unaxis on Tuesday said it had slipped back into a net loss of 378 million Swiss francs (243 million euros, 321 million dollars) in 2004 from a profit of 32 million Swiss francs a year earlier. A new poll shows Democratic presidential candidates decidedly out of the mainstream in their universal opposition to the Supreme Court's recent decision to limit how race can be used in public school assignments. George Harrison, the 58-year-old former Beatle who has been battling cancer, said Monday he's ``feeling fine'' after radiation treatment and that his fans shouldn't worry over reports that he has a brain tumor. Following are the J-league standings after Wednesday's 11th round of the 15-game second stage (tabulated under games played,won, drawn, lost, goals for, against and points):
t5626 The PLO executive committee met here Saturday to discuss the future of self-rule talks and the financial problems of the Palestinian Authority in Gaza. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told U.S. President George W. Bush in a phone call on Monday that now is the time to resume Mideast peace talks, Abbas' spokesman said. The World Trade Organization on Tuesday agreed to rule on a longstanding dispute brought by the United States against the Philippines over taxes imposed on whisky and gin. If the government were a business, its management would now be trying to decide whether to issue a revenue warning. The supreme court trial of former Turkish prime minister Mesut Yilmaz was adjourned until April 15 Thursday after the second hearing into a banking scandal which brought down his government in 1998. They're three hours into the contest, cooking hard, when team captain Marissa Gerlach peers into the deep fryer and glimpses potential doom. Not this, she thinks. Not now. With a long, meandering mustache that seemed to have a mind of its own, eyes wild and glaring, and a penchant for flamboyant dress, Salvador Dali was as bizarre as any of the erotic and shattering art he created. Somalia's lucrative banana trade, stopped for years by the country's devastating civil war, resumed on Thursday, as the first shipment of 1800 tons of bananas sailed off the country for the international market.
t5314 Sinn Fein and the British government have moved a step closer to ministerial level talks with an agreement to discuss the agenda for such a meeting, Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams said here Friday. European Union foreign ministers on Sunday struggled to narrow deep divisions over what to do with the bloc's stalled constitution reporting some progress -- such as dropping the very name 'constitution' -- while stressing major hurdles remain. Japanese auto giant Toyota has agreed to pay the US government a fine of nearly 16.4 million dollars for concealing gas pedal defects, ABC News reported late Sunday. Besides her painful and swollen joints, Barbara Townsend had endless fatigue and trouble catching her breath. An ordinary stairway looked like a boot camp's obstacle course. A preliminary blood test showed a good chance she had lupus. Pope John Paul II, confined to his apartments recovering from throat surgery, watched the opening of Holy Thursday Easter celebrations on television, sending a message to his flock that he was united with them in spirit. Steve Fossett, a high-profile tycoon adventurer who has courted danger while setting world records in aviation and sailing, was missing Tuesday and the subject of an intense search a day after flying off in a single-engine plane from a Nevada airfield. Clouding hopes of a quick peace agreement, a senior ethnic Albanian official says Macedonia's two major ethnic groups are far apart at negotiations meant to bridge differences and end the threat of fullscale civil war. Iranian President Mohammad Khatami on Tuesday expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the ninth summit of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) which ended Monday in Doha, capital of Qatar.
t6504 Serb forces fired six artillery shells Tuesday morning into the Tuzla area of northeast Bosnia, the second attack in as many days as fighting picked up again on the ground to the north and east of the city, the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) said here. A judge suspended a North Carolina district attorney effective immediately Tuesday after learning the prosecutor, disbarred for his handling of a Duke University rape case, intended to stay in office for another month. All long-haul passenger services from Paris' main international hub Charles de Gaulle are operating as scheduled, airport officials said Wednesday, after days of disruption caused by volcanic ash. TAOS, N.M. -- The driving route picks its way through stream-fed canyons, climbs through 9,000-foot mountain passes and crosses high-elevation valleys fringed with evergreens. Its spur roads take in the natural wonder of granite palisades, the historical significance of the Santa Fe Trail and the engineering marvel of a Maud Fontenoy became the first woman to row solo across the Pacific Ocean Saturday after arriving in French Polynesia at the end of a nearly 8,000-kilometre (4,960-mile) journey that took her 73 days. William S. Lerach, one of the nation's best known and wealthiest plaintiff lawyers, is preparing to plead guilty as early as Tuesday to a single criminal conspiracy charge that could send him to prison for up to two years, according to sources familiar with the case. A former employee of a Home Depot fatally shot one person and wounded two others at the store Saturday morning and then killed himself after police arrived, authorities said. Three terrorists were involved in the bombing attack on an Israeli school bus in Gaza Strip Monday morning, Israel Defense Forces (IDF) officers said.
t4623 President Bill Clinton signed an executive order Wednesday barring US companies from helping develop Iran's oil resources, saying Iran posed a threat to US national security. The drawn-out child custody feud between actors Kim Basinger and Alec Baldwin continued with no resolution and still no answer to the question of who leaked a voicemail tape of Baldwin lashing out verbally at his 11-year-old daughter. The United States said Monday it saw growing agreement among major countries on the shape of the next global package on climate change but downplayed expectations for a new treaty this year. The wind and the sun have done their work on that electric wire in her shoulder. The wine has done its work, too, and for the first time in a while, her mind and her body are slack, enveloped in the darkness. Fifteen people died and several were injured when a bus slammed into two trucks that had collided head-on on a road in central Nigeria's Kwara State, police said Thursday. Recent bombings in Iraq's Kurdish area nearly annihilated two Yazidi villages, killing hundreds of this ancient angel-revering, Indo-European religious group. The single deadliest atrocity of the Iraq conflict, it was also the latest demonstration that Iraq's non-Muslims are in danger of extinction. US Airways' top executives said Tuesday they plan to keep the airline intact in the aftermath of its failed merger with United Airlines. Chile's government is ready to create a thorough free trade area with the European Union (EU) through negotiations, Chile's Foreign Minister Soledad Alvear said Thursday.
t3089 Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani's forces wiped out the last pockets of Taliban and Shiite militia resistance here early Sunday following the Islamic students' first major defeat since entering the power struggle. The number of women seeking help for domestic violence in Japan rose last year for a fourth straight year, partly because there are more shelter facilities for victims to turn to, an official said Thursday. Pakistan Friday welcomed a report by a UN-appointed panel which said the assassination of former premier Benazir Bhutto could have been averted. A reader wrote a few weeks ago and asked why those small cards posted in liquor stores (called ``shelf talkers'' in the trade) rarely say anything about a particular wine's aging potential. LeBron James posted a Cleveland record with 56 points - second highest in the National Basketball Association this season - but even he couldn't prevent the Cavaliers' ninth straight road defeat. Banners have been strung up showing two hands in a firm, brotherly grip. A giant air-conditioned meeting tent is being readied, hundreds of guest rooms are being prepared on a college campus, and welcome speeches are being written. Developers began to clear land for an apartment complex Friday as police arrested environmentalists who had climbed into trees in March to protest the project. TUNIS, November 2 (Xinhua) -- Tunis Stock Exchange index closed at 1,316.14 points on Friday, up 0.03 percent from Thursday's finish.
t8135 Twelve people were killed when a steamer plying on Lake Victoria waters smashed a heavily loaded boat near Misori beach in western Kenya, the Kenyan press reported here on Sunday. U.S. spy chief Mike McConnell has canceled a multibillion-dollar spy satellite program that engineers hoped would someday pass undetected through the space above other nations, collecting intelligence. Thailand's anti-government "Red Shirts" said Saturday they were braced for a crackdown to end their protest movement, after the prime minister rejected an offer to compromise on demands for snap polls. CHICAGO - Los Angeles Dodgers right-hander Kevin Brown reported to Dodger Stadium on Sunday, had his right elbow examined and was declared fit to pitch Tuesday against Cincinnati. On the day they were to have married, Britain's Prince Charles was away Friday for the pope's funeral and his fiancee was to be fitted for the dress she will wear when the couple finally wed on Saturday. Pastoring is a tough assignment by any measure, but for many English-speaking ministers in some of America's 7,000 Asian congregations, the work is made more difficult by cultural differences inside their own churches. A high school student's father is calling for disciplinary action against a teacher who assigned his son's summer-school class to write a fictional first-person account of an armed robbery and murder. South Korea's current-account surplus dropped 570 million U.S. dollars from September to 1.17 billion dollars in October, the Bank of Korea said Tuesday.
t1136 The yen and the German mark rocketed to record highs against a number of currencies on Monday on the London forex market following the overnight devaluation of the peseta and the escudo - which boosted capital flight into "safe havens", traders said. King Albert II began talks with political leaders Monday on the formation of a new government, one day after general elections in which Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt's Liberal-Socialist government lost badly to conservatives led by Christian Democrats. Israel warned its nationals on Tuesday that there was an imminent risk of kidnap attempts by militants against holidaymakers in the neighbouring Sinai peninsula in Egypt. Doctors at the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have begun force-feeding two prisoners from Afghanistan who had become dangerously malnourished after refusing to eat for most of the past month, the Pentagon said Monday. Two Japanese gangsters apologized to the man they had repeatedly stabbed at his apartment after realizing he was not the one they were looking for, police and newspaper reports said Thursday. In 2001, paramilitary hit men pulled three union leaders off buses in this roasting-hot swath of northeastern Colombia and shot them dead. In a shadowy conflict where gunmen often kill union activists, the slaying generated little attention, even as the dead men's families accused their American employer of having American and Vietnamese officials met Monday to discuss ways for the former foes to conduct joint health and environmental research on the wartime defoliant Agent Orange. The Shanghai Composite Index rose 20.91 points or 1.07 percent to hit a monthly high of 1,977. 25 on Wednesday, driven by the momentum in the B-share market.
t284 Cash-strapped tycoon and political maverick Bernard Tapie fought for his political life here on Friday at an appeal court hearing which threatens to end his career. Chinese President Hu Jintao and Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf on Saturday welcomed the replica of an 18th century merchant ship to its home port after a 20-month roundtrip to Asia. Alarmed by a big jump in pirate attacks, India's shipping industry says it needs a new security strategy to safeguard vessels in the dangerous waters off Somalia's lawless coast. From their Park Avenue penthouse in New York City, magazine editors have surveyed America and discovered one of the nation's five Best Cities for Women: Arlington. Six miners have been found alive 58 hours a mudslide entombed them in a tunnel deep underground in central China, state media reported Wednesday. At the halfway point of the year, you probably have substantial portfolio gains to celebrate. Now, how best to hold on to them? New York Mets outfielder Darryl Hamilton asked to be released Friday after a confrontation with manager Bobby Valentine over a lack of playing time. The Chinese government has agreed to establish a foundation to promote the development of foreign trade in the western regions, which will mainly be used to train personnel and provide trade information, a senior Chinese official said here today.
t2083 The world indoor athletics championships lurched from bad to worst here Thursday when Linford Christie refused to take the place of a British team-mate and Spanish immigration officials turned away African middle distance star Venuste Niyongabo. Hundreds of Hamas fighters firing rockets and mortar shells captured the headquarters of the Fatah-allied security forces in northern Gaza on Tuesday, scoring a key victory in the bloody battle for control of Gaza. The master and chief watch officer of a Chinese coal carrier that ran aground on the Great Barrier Reef have been arrested and charged over the incident, Australian police said Wednesday. Three years ago, CBS announced a bold move _ it would invest $30 million in a glass studio for a new 7 a.m. program that would have one of the biggest names in morning television, Bryant Gumbel, as its host. US President George W. Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon at his Texas ranch on April 11, the White House announced Friday. New York star-chitect David Rockwell has designed it all: sets for Broadway's Tony-winning 2002 musical ``Hairspray'' and the 2000 revival of ``The Rocky Horror Show''; Manhattan's famed fusion restaurant Nobu; and homes, stores, lighting and barware. He is also an Interior Design magazine hall of famer. Critics of the way capital punishment is administered say that Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor helped their reform effort with her unexpected public skepticism on the issue. The Indonesia's central bank, Bank Indonesia, indicated here Monday it would raise interest rate as part of its efforts to stop the continuing fall of the country' s currency of rupiah.
t9039 Ecuadoran and Peruvian forces clashed in a disputed border area, leaving a Peruvian soldier dead, the military announced here Tuesday. Pakistan's suspended chief justice was cheered by thousands of supporters as he traveled through eastern Pakistan on Saturday ahead of another rally to demand the ouster of the country's embattled president. Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Afghan President Hamid Karzai met in New Delhi on Monday to discuss a relationship seen as key to regional stability. This is near, but not exactly, where Charles A. Lindbergh took off for Paris on May 20, 1927, and the 75th anniversary of that epic flight is nearly three weeks away. Myanmar rejected international calls to give up the rotating ASEAN chairmanship because of its poor democracy and human rights record as Southeast Asian foreign ministers arrived Sunday for a retreat in the central Philippines. Watch DIY Network's "Assembly Required" to learn the step-by-step process of building a geodesic dome home from a kit of precut panels. See how the interior of these uniquely designed houses can be customized to accommodate your personal lifestyle at 10:30 p.m. Monday and 2:30 a.m. Tuesday. Japan's 15 major banks currently have about $145 billion in bad loans and the government's goal is to reduce the percentage of banks' bad loans, Japan's top financial regulator said Thursday. The United Arab Emirates (UAE) President Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan received a message from Iraqi President Saddam Hussein on Saturday, two days after Baghdad decided to halt oil export.
t2723 In Saturay's final, Jansher meets Englishman Peter Marshall, who avenged a defeat of three months ago, in Bombay, at the hands of Australian Rodney Eyles. Gas and oil futures jumped Wednesday on a U.S. government report that raised concerns that refiners are not producing enough gasoline to meet peak summer demand. A five-star French general convicted of downloading thousands of child pornography images is to be stripped of his rank and awards, and be expelled from the army, the defence ministry said Thursday. Who would have guessed a 67-year-old grandmother would be a player? Or that a 7-year-old kid would? Most do it for fun, but some even make a living at this stuff. European Union (EU) finance minister are to make a last-ditch bid Sunday to agree reforms to the bloc's tattered fiscal rules, hoping to resolve stubborn rifts ahead of a summit later this week. The U.S. government's main border control system is plagued by computer security weaknesses, increasing the risk of computer attacks, data thefts, and manipulation of millions of identity records including passport, visa and Social Security numbers and the world's largest fingerprint database, officials said. With four Cy Young Awards, eight All-Star selections and a World Series ring, Greg Maddux isn't missing much from his resume. The European single currency slightly fell back on Thursday against the U.S. dollar amid fears of a lower-than-expected data on European growth.
t507 Italy's ambassador to Sierra Leone said Saturday that rebels holding seven nuns hostage in this west African state since January would free them soon. A six-hour battle between police and Taliban left 20 suspected militants and two policemen dead in northwestern Afghanistan, a provincial police chief said Sunday. Four peacekeepers with the joint UN-African Union force in the western Sudanese region of Darfur have been missing for 24 hours, UNAMID spokesman Nouredine Mezni told AFP on Monday. Contemporary accounts treat Atlanta not so much as a city as a psychosis. Citing an early derangement of purpose in this emerging Piedmont metropolis, various observers find Atlanta still searching for its identity, badly in need of the couch. A car bomb exploded Wednesday near an Iraqi army post in Baquba, northeast of Baghdad, killing five Iraqi soldiers and wounding 12 people, police said. In another sign of the surging financial clout of corporate buyout firms, Beverly Hills-based Hilton Hotels Corp. agreed Tuesday to sell itself to private-equity firm Blackstone Group in a deal valued at $26 billion. The two largest U.S. Mennonite denominations plan to merge to create a church of about 125,000 members during a weeklong meeting here starting on Monday. Bayern Munich recovered from two consecutive league defeats to beat city rivals TSV 1860 Munich 3-1 on Saturday and recapture the lead in the German first division.
t566 A victory over the world's top-ranked player is always sweet and there was no hiding her elation when Natasha Zvereva of Belarus beat Arantxa Sanchez 7-5, 6-3 in the semi-finals of the WTA's 430,000-dollar Evert Cup here Saturday. Pope Benedict XVI condemned the "abominable" kidnapping of priests and other people around the world on Sunday and demanded the kidnappers free their hostages. A top judge from Moscow's city court who had tried high-profile racist murder cases was shot dead Monday as he left his apartment in the Russian capital, investigators said. Dental researchers at Boston's Forsyth Institute report that they are drawing closer to human trials of a vaccine for one of the most persistent health ailments of modern life: cavities. The International Atomic Energy Agency, the UN's nuclear watchdog, opened a three-day conference Wednesday in London on boosting nuclear security and responding to the threat of terrorism. The Baseball All-Star Game is next week, and that means the major league season is more than half over. It's a good time to check in with the Washington Nationals. Kelly Stinnett homered twice and Ken Griffey Jr. added a solo shot as the Cincinnati Reds took advantage of an off-day by Julian Tavarez to beat the Chicago Cubs 7-1 Saturday. Housing, urban development and reconstruction of old blocks of buildings were the top issues of discussion at an international seminar on the urban environment and housing development that closed here today.
t2105 A US expert on Thursday slammed Japan's prison system claiming human rights violations were severe and routine throughout the nation, with inmates subjected to excessive solitary confinement and censorship. A former U.S. Border Patrol agent in Texas has been sentenced to 16 months in federal prison for his role in an immigrant smuggling attempt. Aid for developing countries from major industrialised nations is expected to shrink this year from 2009 levels and miss an overall target for such assistance, the OECD said Wednesday. New high-tech voting machines in Johnson County, Kan., proclaimed a success Tuesday night, did not work as well as originally believed. France was hit by a political shockwave Friday after an opinion poll for the first time suggested that a majority of the public will reject the EU's constitution at a referendum in ten weeks' time. Iraq's largest Sunni political group will end all participation in the national government next week unless the prime minister complies with a lengthy list of demands, the group announced Wednesday. Alana Beard of Duke scored 20 points and Diana Taurasi of Connecticut added 16 Wednesday to lead the United States to an 81-60 victory over Brazil in the USA Basketball Junior International Invitational. The just-concluded conference of the African Stock Exchange Association (ASEA) has adopted common listing requirement for equities within the 18 stock exchanges currently operating in the continent.
t7866 Australian police are investigating threats against major Japanese organisations here, purportedly made by those responsible for the Tokyo subway gas attack, a police spokesman said Saturday. China marked the start of a state visit by Iraqi President Jalal Talabani on Thursday with agreements to reduce Iraq's debt by "a large margin" and expand economic cooperation. Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Thursday threw his weight behind a controversial dam project which has drawn fierce opposition for threatening Amazon tribes and wildlife. President Bush called sharply Friday for Israel to halt its incursions into Palestinian-controlled territory, after Israeli ground forces killed two men and arrested at least 11 in a raid on Qalquilya, a West Bank city they had previously invaded. Embattled Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, on the verge of losing his immunity from prosecution, announced Thursday he would be a presidential candidate even if he were in jail. Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton has consolidated her place as the front-runner in the contest for the Democratic presidential nomination, outpacing her main rivals in fundraising in the most recent quarter and widening her lead in a new Washington Post-ABC News poll. About 500 abortion opponents marched Tuesday outside the clinic of one of the few doctors in the nation to perform late-term abortions after a judge ruled that the city had improperly denied them a parade permit. Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko dismissed several senior officials from the country's security agencies on Monday, according to reports from Minsk, capital of Belarus.
t1111 The Congolese government Monday put off by-elections in nine constituencies from March 26 to April 9 in the latest of a series of postponements. Parliament voted Monday in a closed session to remove the speaker after a series of scandals involving the controversial lawmaker, legislators said. Leaders of Russia and Japan were holding a previously unscheduled meeting Tuesday as the two countries struggle to make headway on an island dispute, officials said. Treated and recycled sewage water, increasingly used to water lawns, golf courses and farms, contains high concentrations of disease-causing microorganisms, a new state study shows. Japan said Thursday one of its spy planes flew near a disputed island chain controlled by South Korea amid rising tension over the territorial row, but downplayed the incident. Teen birth rates continued their 15-year decline in 2005 as adolescents got increasingly into the habit of using condoms during sexual intercourse. Each weekday morning, Dale Gibbons put on a dark suit, got into his white sport utility vehicle and drove from his million-dollar suburban home to his job as chief financial officer at Utah's oldest bank. Ex-president of Sao Tome and Principe Pinto da Costa Pinto da Costa announced on Wednesday that he will not seek candidature for the next presidential elections to be held in 2001, said reports reaching here on Wednesday.
t9627 China on Thursday returned a Hong Kong man wanted by police here for an attempted armed robbery last year in which one of the suspects was killed, a police spokesman said. The U.S. military on Sunday reported four more soldiers died the day before-- three in fighting and one due to a non-combat cause. Russia's lower house of parliament on Tuesday unanimoulsy ratified a deal with Ukraine to extend the lease of the Russian Black Sea Fleet on a base in Crimea until at least 2042. A bigger, heftier Hewlett-Packard begins a bold and perilous journey this week that will either turn the Palo Alto giant into one of the world's greatest tech powerhouses _ or make it the latest casualty in the long list of failed megamergers. Palestinian herdsmen from the southern West Bank are accusing the inhabitants of an Israeli settlement of poisoning their flocks in a bid to force them to leave their land. Q. What's the rule of thumb for the ratio of baking soda to flour? I've heard 1/2 teaspoon of baking soda per 1 cup of flour, but it seems like most recipes don't follow that. If there is a rule, should I use it regardless of what a recipe Sobbing that ``there's no sense in keeping me alive,'' one of the nation's first known female serial killers won a court victory Friday in her bid to fire her attorneys and hasten her execution. A powerful earthquake measuring 8 points on the Richter scale hit Turkmenistan at 8:11 p.m. Moscow time (1711GMT) Wednesday, a senior official of the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry announced here Wednesday.
t4820 Italian Prime Minister Lamberto Dini's government has won a confidence vote in parliament that it had demanded to get a mini-budget approved. Maria Sharapova defeated 16-year-old Tamira Peszak 6-3, 4-6, 6-2 to reach the DFS Classic quarterfinals Saturday, in a match that was postponed two days because of rain. Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho on Monday denied that their Champions League semi-final against holders Barcelona is the 'real' final, insisting that would be disrespectful to Lyon and Bayern Munich. With more rubble than just about any other city in the world, the people of this devastated capital are trying to make the best of all their debris. German airline Lufthansa hinted on Wednesday at a capital increase for its newly acquired subsidiary, Swiss International Air Lines, soothing over Swiss fears about the fate of their former flag carrier. Congress's recent changes to American visa laws will be of little comfort to people in Central Europe who wish to travel to this country. Citizens of these countries will continue to undergo visa application procedures whose rules they do not understand and which they consider to be anachronistic, unjust A small wildfire in the rugged forest of the North Cascades exploded to 2,500 acres in a matter of hours, killing four firefighters and injuring four others, one seriously. British security sources linked dissident republicans to a mortar device which was discovered in Northern Ireland at the weekend, BBC reported Monday.
t9354 Chilean sea rescue services have not given up the search for British yachtsman Harry Mitchell, missing for more than three weeks in the BOC Challenge solo round-the-world yacht race, race officials said Wednesday. Delegates of the Anglican Church of Canada deferred voting on the issue of blessing same-sex unions, but expected to take up the matter again on Sunday. Denmark goalkeeper Thomas Sorensen is convinced he will be fit for the World Cup despite suffering a dislocated elbow in a clash with Chelsea striker Salomon Kalou. American Roman Catholics say that priests who sexually abuse children and teen-agers should be barred from participating in parish life, and that any accusations of abuse should be investigated by local law enforcement rather than the church, according to the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll. Pakistan vowed to step up efforts Monday to secure the release of one if its embassy officials who was kidnapped in Iraq over the weekend while going out for prayer. The Free Flow of Information Act had bipartisan sponsors -- Rep. Mike Pence, R-Ind., and Rep. Rick Boucher, D-Va. -- and 176 Republicans joined 222 Democrats in supporting its passage 398-21. The measure now goes to the Senate, whose Judiciary Committee recently approved its own version of the so-called Dealing a fresh blow to Fiji's embattled tourism industry, workers at the nation's main international airport went on strike Friday, stranding hundreds of passengers and disrupting 17 international flights. Sweden's Fredrik Nyberg scored an upset Super-G victory in Beaver Creek, Colorado on Sunday, toppling Hermann Maier and other Austrians for his first World Cup victory of the season.
t9877 Priceless Impressionist paintings that the art world believed had been lost in the turmoil of World War II went on show here this week, after lying for 50 years in the vaults of the Hermitage museum. Relations between the United States and Serbia are worsening because of U.S. support for the independence of Kosovo, Serbia's prime minister warned Monday. Google was crowned the world's most valuable brand on Wednesday by a research firm that found technology firms dominate when it comes to how much a name is worth in today's markets. He grew up in a South Boston housing project and made a name for himself in the FBI after recruiting a notorious hometown gangster, James ``Whitey'' Bulger, as an informant. Health experts fighting the killer Marburg virus in northern Angola said Monday they were facing denial from families who are refusing to send their sick to hospitals or are taking them out of the city, worsening the risk of contamination. Five years after one of India's worst episodes of Hindu-Muslim violence, a series of videotaped confessions released Thursday showed Hindu activists acknowledging their roles in the killings and detailing blatant state collusion. Despite a leaky and earsplitting shakedown, the newest addition to the international space station _ a portal for spacewalkers _ passed inspection Friday for its debut. A Palestinian court on Wednesday given death sentence to an Arab man convicted of collaborating with Israel in assassinating a leader of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas).
t7042 US Defence Secretary William Perry arrived here Wednesday on the fifth and final leg of a Gulf tour aimed at bolstering the defences of Arab oil monarchies against both Iran and Iraq. Floods and landslides triggered by heavy rain have killed 36 people and left 13 missing in southwest and central China, state media reported Wednesday. Thailand's army chief said Thursday he aimed to end a standoff with anti- government protesters without further bloodshed, in an apparent softening of the military's recent bellicose warnings. Pavel Zayetsev holds up the miniature Winnie-the-Pooh doll made of wood. ``Discount. Only $10,'' he says to Masha Kramarenko, the woman who is poring over his wares. She snatches a peek at Winnie, then glances just as briefly at Tigger, Roo and Piglet, the other Disney characters in the Indonesia is unlikely to risk any further oil price hikes to ease budgetary pressure during 2005 after widespread protests greeted a 29 percent rise earlier this month, a senior minister said Monday. besides water. Girls drink an average of 32.4 ounces. Here's what they drink. (Note: Individual numbers might not add up to total because of rounding.) Yes, it's summertime _ time to curl up in a lounge chair on the beach and surrender to a best seller, preferably a true story about someone who commits an unspeakable crime and then, finally, is brought to justice. Following are the standings of National Basketball Association teams after Tuesday's games ( tabulated under wins, losses, winning percentage, games behind first place):
t3204 Just moments before Tony Roberts had blocked his shot when Hughes played him in on the right. Now, on his natural left side, he drilled his shot low into the far corner, just beyond the goalkeeper's fingertips, his fourth goal of the season. Ryanair Holdings PLC, Europe's largest discount airline, on Thursday unveiled plans to launch 13 new routes from its Stockholm Skavsta airport in Sweden. A Mai-Mai tribal militia group on Friday freed eight Red Cross workers it has held hostage for a week in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Red Cross said. Seven large drug companies plan to announce on Wednesday that they have joined together to provide low-income elderly people with a card that they say will provide discounts of 20 percent or more on dozens of prescription medicines. South Korean share prices closed slightly lower Monday amid investor concerns the US Federal Reserve will increase interest rates beyond market expectations, dealers said. Pakistan's president, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, may decide to impose emergency rule because of deteriorating security conditions and the growing threat of violence by Islamic extremists, a senior government official in Islamabad said Wednesday. Rich Aurilia's RBI single in the 11th inning gave the San Francisco Giants a 3-2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night. The ten regions include Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong, Zhejiang, Henan, Liaoning, Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, and Chongqing. These provinces and municipalities make up the bulk of the Chinese economy.
t2400 Hours after the peso plummeted to another record low Thursday, Finance Minister Guillermo Ortiz announced a long-awaited austerity plan to try to stabilize Mexico's shaken economy. Aide to Iraq's prime minister says Nouri al-Maliki is meeting with American commander and ambassador to ask for U.S. troop reinforcements in Samarra. Thousands of Internet users have been showing their solidarity with the quake- hit people of northwest China by posting virtual flowers and donating to online appeals, a report said Thursday. Two years ago, a car accident left Evelyn Alicea unable to walk without crutches. But when she visited Our Lady of Lourdes Grotto in the Bronx a year later and drank the water flowing beneath a statue of the Virgin Mary, something happened. Lebanese President Emile Lahoud appealed for a dialogue Saturday between the opposition and the pro-Syrian leadership to "protect Lebanon" following a bomb blast here that wounded 11 people. President Bush speaking before troops in Charleston, S.C., last week arguing that the insurgent group al-Qaida in Iraq and the broader terror network are one in the same: ``There's a good reason they are called al-Qaida in Iraq: They are al-Qaida -- in Iraq.'' Shares of Callaway Golf Co. rose nearly 8 percent Thursday on rumors the world's largest club maker could be a takeover target following the death of founder Ely Callaway. British Prime Minister Tony Blair will not be going to Moscow next week to see Russian President Vladimir Putin, his spokesman said Tuesday.
t5987 Turkey on Monday launched a huge military operation in northern Iraq against camps set up by the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), foreign ministry spokesman Ferhat Ataman. New York City police officers involved in shootings would face mandatory sobriety tests under new policies prompted by last year's killing of an unarmed man on his wedding day. President Barack Obama said Monday on the Jewish state's 62nd anniversary that the United States shares an "unbreakable bond" with Israel and he was confident the relationship "will only be strengthened" into the future. Most Hungarians have a good idea by now of the awful things that happened in the grand building at 60 Andrassy Blvd. But just so there is no doubt, a stiff black bunting rims the roof with the word ``TERROR'' in letters at least as tall as the patient A team of US paleontologists claim to have discovered what appear to be cells and blood vessels in a 70 million year old dinosaur fossil, presenting the tantalizing possibility of extracting its DNA. Billed as the "first full picture" of the mass migration after the hurricane, the analysis also found that New Orleanians displaced to Houston and other cities were more likely to be black, uneducated and poor. Russian police quickly broke up a protest Friday by groups opposed to Beijing's bid to stage the 2008 Summer Games, hours before the International Olympic Committee was to vote on the site. Top executives from western countries met with Guangdong provincial leaders and CEOs from emerging Chinese high-tech enterprises Thursday to offer their suggestions on economic development in the south China province.
t4589 PLO chairman Yasser Arafat faced critics of the peace process with Israel from within his own Fatah movement at a two-day meeting which opened here on Wednesday. With flags at half staff, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon paid tribute to Kurt Waldheim for leading the United Nations during the Cold War era "with prudence, perseverance, and precision" -- but the United States and others were less generous. Malaysia's ruling coalition, bruised by a series of losses at the ballot box, faces a critical test in a by-election next weekend seen as a referendum on its reform plans. An exhausted but jubilant President Hugo Chavez, restored to power two days after being forced out of office, avoided vengeful criticism of his opponents on Sunday and pledged to help reconcile the deep political divisions that ignited the most serious political crisis in his tumultuous three-year presidency. China's recent adoption of an anti-secession law aimed at Taiwan is meant to bring about "peaceful national reunification" with the island, Chinese ambassador to Singapore Zhang Yun said Wednesday. Total summer grosses in the United States and Canada hit $4 billion for the first time in history, research firm Media by Numbers estimated Sunday. Fourteen patients at two hospitals may have been exposed to a rare and deadly brain disease through tainted surgical instruments, according to an alert issued Tuesday to hospitals nationwide. An 11-member delegation of South Korean movie industry left here Saturday for the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea (DPRK) Saturday for a seven-day visit.
t6778 Israeli gunboats opened fire at fishing vessels off the port of Tyre on Wednesday as Lebanon complained to the International Maritime Organisation (IMO) accusing Israel of piracy. Four endangered Mexican gray wolves born at the Mexico City zoo in early May ventured out of their lair Tuesday, charming photographers and passers-by. Swedish authorities said Thursday they had extended the payment deadline of the country's airlines and airports to help offset losses the sector suffered due to a cloud of flight-halting volcanic ash. The chuck wagon sitting on the stage is a Newton built in 1877, said Red Steagall, the Texas poet and songwriter whose works include ``Lone Star Beer and Bob Wills Music.'' A Taliban commander has surrendered in Afghanistan as part of the government's reconciliation drive and another has been arrested, the defence ministry said Sunday. French men, also. But most troubling to a country that prides itself on its approach to life and eating, French children are getting pudgier too. A civilian crew member was killed and one was missing after an ammunition ship caught fire at an Army terminal on the Cape Fear River. A pair of goals in the first three minutes helped Spain demolish Cuba 9-0 Monday in the first round of the indoor soccer World Cup at Guatemala City.
t565 South Africa's Vuyani "The Beast" Bungu kept his International Boxing Federation (IBF) world junior-featherweight title here Saturday with a unanimous points victory over plucky Indonesian challenger Mohammed Nurhuda. Syria had no official reaction Sunday to Israel's announcement that it has sent secret peace feelers to the Arab country, but a state-run Syrian newspaper accused Israel of sending mixed signals. The only Dutch woman alive today who survived the Nazi death camp Sobibor, was knighted Monday as the Dutch government apologised for ill-treating her after World War II. Troubled by symptoms of Parkinson's disease and a painful arthritic knee, Pope John Paul II has been forced this week to severely curtail his participation in Holy Week ceremonies that move the church from a period of mourning for Christ's death to the Easter season of celebration. Iraq's nascent democracy entered a new phase Wednesday with the opening of a new 275-member national assembly but politicians failed to form a unity government ahead of the historic session. I celebrated this July 4 at the rooftop bar of the opulent new Ritz-Carlton hotel here, taking in the breathtaking views of the gilded domes of the Kremlin, where Soviet leaders plotted their war against American economic and military power. Across a skyline drenched by the late-setting sun, ultra-modern The commander of the Coast Guard for southern New England has been relieved of his command, officials said Saturday. The exact reason was not disclosed. European Commission President Romano Prodi's willingness to improve ties with Libya will not be affected by a French ruling that Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi can be prosecuted for blowing up a passenger plane, a European Union ( EU) spokesman said Monday.
t6318 Norwich crushed relegation-threatened Ipswich 3-0 in their English Premiership derby here on Monday after John Wark was controversially sent off. Iraqi police and hospital officials have raised the casualty toll in car bombing in central Baghdad to at least 61 killed and 128 wounded. Japan's economy will return to growth this year but persistent deflation, weak domestic demand and a stagnant employment picture threaten a fragile recovery, the IMF said on Wednesday. In a deal that brings together Britain's largest suppliers of electricity and natural gas, the National Grid Group is expected to announce on Monday that it has agreed to acquire the Lattice Group, which owns Britain's gas pipelines, for about $9 billion in stock and the assumption of $9 Vietnam said Saturday it will mount a large-scale campaign next month to clean up farms hit by the bird flu virus that killed dozens of people across the country in the past year. xxxxA chart that Petraeus used in his congressional testimony indicated that the number of independently-capable security units had decreased every month since April. Friday's administration report, however, said only that the number of such units "has not increased as much as desired." pick up: Staff writers Karenxxxx Jose Rijo has put his comeback on fast-forward, putting him at odds with the front office that's giving him a last chance to pitch. The Sino-Japanese funded Shanghai Hitachi Electrical Appliance Co., Ltd. will increase its annual production capacity to six million air conditioner compressors in the near future.
t254 The Japanese and French finance ministers agreed here Friday to act together against what they called speculative moves on foreign exchange markets as the dollar slumped to new lows in major capitals. Palestinian gunmen from Gaza broke through Israel's border fortifications on Saturday and battled Israeli troops near an army post inside Israel, the military said. Two astronauts from the US shuttle Discovery began a second spacewalk early Sunday as part of efforts to replace a depleted ammonia coolant tank outside the International Space Station. Almost every other episode of ``The Simpsons'' wrings more laughs out of the fertile material of a venal, corrupt children's-show host who goes through money faster than a gambler on a cold streak than the new satire ``Death to Smoochy.'' There are a few laughs, but I'm not sure National carrier Malaysia Airlines will launch more flights to China and India to enhance bilateral trade, a report said Wednesday. There was a time in U.S.-Russian relations when any meeting between the leaders of the nuclear superpowers would command the world's attention. The meeting starting this weekend between President Bush and Russian President Vladimir V. Putin in Kennebunkport, Maine, illustrates just how much times have changed. Five-time United States gymnastics champion Blaine Wilson will miss the national and world championships because of a torn rotator cuff. The general price index at Tehran Stock Exchange closed at 2659.43 points on Saturday, up 0.87 points from last Wednesday's finish.
t7100 Pure boat speed won out Wednesday when Team New Zealand and Young America overcame hard-sailing opponents to reaffirm their domination of the America's Cup challenger and defender trials. A U.N.-backed court is set to issue its first verdicts Wednesday against those accused of war crimes in Sierra Leone's brutal, decade-long civil war. Ski-borne mountaineers took to the Swiss Alps overnight Thursday in the legendary Glacier Patrol, a gruelling race of up to 53 kilometres (33 miles) across the snowbound peaks. The mound of fried food and ketchup heaped upon Ashley Bouder's tray in the cafeteria in the Rose Building at Lincoln Center is a shock. Most ballet dancers opt for yogurt during interviews. ``I eat whatever I want,'' she said, dunking a French fry with a mixture of innocence Dutch winger Arjen Robben will miss Chelsea's Champions League quarter-final game against Bayern Munich after injuring himself in the World Cup qualifier against Romania. The investigation is the largest steroid enforcement action in U.S. history and culminated in 124 arrests on U.S. soil, authorities said. It resulted in the seizure of more than 11 million steroid dosage units and 500 pounds of raw steroid powder of Chinese origin. Turkey's prime minister insisted Monday that his beleaguered administration would not step down in favor of a ``technocrat government'' to steer Turkey through a deep economic crisis that has seen its currency lose half its dollar value. Now, China ranks among the most advanced countries in the world in many important technological fields, such as satellite recovery, multi-satellite launch with a single rocket, rockets with cryogenic fuel, strap-on rockets, launch of geo-stationary satellites and TT&amp;C, the white paper says.
t8614 Nigeria's Catholic bishops have called on the military government to "exercise magnanimity and leniency" towards the instigators of a recent aborted coup. DaimlerChrysler AG said Friday that it has recalled 1,650 of its revamped Smart fortwo microcars that were sold in Europe because of reports of a possible problem with its steering. Embattled Goldman Sachs boss Lloyd Blankfein will tell lawmakers it did not bet on the collapse of the housing market when he is dragged over the coals by a Senate investigation panel on Tuesday. The drunken. The drugged. The drowsy. Ginger Watson puts them behind the wheel of her Chevy Malibu every day and then sets them loose in traffic. ``You have to see people falling asleep behind the wheel of a car,'' Watson says gleefully. A roadside bombing killed 15 Iraqi soldiers and wounded several others Saturday morning in Latifiyah, 40 kilometres (30 miles) south of Baghdad, a defense ministry official said. and, presumably, harder to lose -- Retrofitted Designs of Seattle offers vinyl LapSchticks, which easily adhere to the top and just as easily peel off. Florida Marlins manager Tony Perez was ejected in the fourth inning Wednesday night during a dispute over a play that even confused the umpires. Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa has underscored Tanzania's support for the Palestinians in their efforts to build a free nation with identified geographical boundaries, local newspapers reported Thursday.
t7106 Less than a month before presidential ballots, all three main candidates are moving the sensitive area of wages policy to the centre stage, as they try not to appear too tightfisted with voters' incomes. President Nicolas Sarkozy pledged Wednesday to move boldly ahead with sometimes painful reforms to save France from what he said would be sure decline otherwise. The Flemish liberals, a key member of Belgium's ruling coalition, announced Thursday they were quitting the government over a row between the Dutch-speaking and francophone communities. I have something to tell you,'' Maurizio Seracini began, a little apologetically, when we met for coffee in Florence recently. Seracini is an art diagnostician, an engineer who studied medicine but who has spent the last 27 years examining works of art. South African police have arrested a Johannesburg man, allegedly working for two vehicle recovery companies, for tampering with traffic lights to create accidents, police said Monday. Harper knocks on the door as Gray adjusts her armload of Barack Obama 2008 Nevada caucus pledge cards. Neither notices the retirement-age man on the sidewalk below, hands held loosely at his sides, his upturned face suspicious over an untucked blue shirt. Authorities resumed their search for Chandra Levy on Monday, using police cadets to help officers looking in a large park that the former federal intern liked to visit. China persistently supports activities involving the peaceful use of outer space, and maintains that international space cooperation shall be promoted and strengthened on the basis of equality and mutual benefit, mutual complementarity and common development.
t4110 The dollar gained ground against the mark and the yen on Tuesday on the London foreign exchange market, despite a surprise drop in US retail sales last month, which could be expected to make higher interest rates less likely. President Vladimir Putin is widely expected to give up office next year as dictated by the constitution. But will he give up power? US Defense Secretary Robert Gates admitted Sunday sending a memo to the White House in January about Iran's nuclear program but denied a report that it was intended as a "wake-up call." Secretary of State Colin Powell postponed his planned meeting Saturday with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat after a young Palestinian woman blew herself up at a crowded Israeli bus stop Friday afternoon, killing six other people, injuring 86 and leaving Powell's peace mission to the region in doubt. Jean-Baptiste Mattei formally assumed duties as the new spokesman at the the French foreign ministry Tuesday, taking over from Herve Ladsous, the ministry said. When years from now historians and government officials reexamine precedents set by the U.S. experience in Iraq, many ``firsts'' are likely to pop up. High-perfomance computer maker Silicon Graphics Inc. said Monday that sales in its just-concluded quarter would beat Wall Street forecasts, but the company's president and chief financial officer has resigned. Eight African countries agreed on Wednesday to deploy a non-allied military force in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) immediately after the withdrawal of foreign forces from the central African country.
t2087 A hike in cases of fraud is sapping the European Union budget, with 2,420 cases reported last year costing more than half a billion dollars, according to a confidential EU report obtained by AFP. An electric cable fell onto two train platforms at Copenhagen's main railway station on Tuesday, injuring at least seven people, police said. The master and chief watch officer of a Chinese coal carrier that ran aground on the Great Barrier Reef have been arrested and charged over the incident, Australian police said Wednesday. For nearly two decades, Shehnaz Bokhari has publicly championed the cause of women's rights in Pakistan, defending and housing abused women who have little legal recourse in a blatantly male- dominated society. Turkey coach Ersun Yanal on Friday announced a 24-man squad for two World Cup 2006 qualifiers, against Albania on March 26 in Istanbul and against Georgia on March 30 in Tbilisi. Although national Olympic committees ultimately select the competitors, technical rules in track and field are enforced by the IAAF. And one of its rules forbids ``technical aids that give the competitor an advantage over someone not using them.'' As prosthetics improve and training techniques advance, such cases are likely An estimated 50,000 Puerto Ricans gathered for a Fourth of July bash Wednesday, trumpeting U.S. statehood for the territory at a time when Navy bombing on Vieques island has stoked sentiments of island nationalism. The last two bodies of occupants of the light plane that crashed into Lake Victoria near Uganda's Entebbe International Airport last Monday have been recovered, Ugandan Civil Aviation Authority Public Relations Officer Ignie Igundura announced on Monday.
t3602 The leader of Italy's centrist Popular Party (PPI) dismissed three aides Monday in an escalation of the bitter dispute over an electoral alliance with former premier Silvio Berlusconi. Starting Friday, travelers entering or leaving the European Union with more than euro10,000 in cash must fill out a customs declaration, a measure to help combat money laundering and terrorist financing. As many as six people including foreigners were killed in a suicide car bombing targeting a foreign security company in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar, officials said. Discussing the bruising campaign Bernard C. Parks had waged for a second term as police chief, John Mack, the president of the Urban League and a prominent black leader here, argued forcefully that the battle was not about race, no matter that the chief is black and the mayor A Polish high school teacher was given a one-year suspended prison term Monday for negligence which caused the deaths of seven students and a guide who were buried in an avalanche in Poland's southern Tatra mountains two years ago. A column for the Los Angeles Times by Rosa Brooks about cutbacks on foreign reporting stated: ``Only the largest dailies -- the New York Times, Washington Post, Wall Street Journal and Los Angeles Times -- still maintain overseas bureaus.'' Those four newspapers are among the dailies that still have Spent fuel rods were accidentally dropped onto the reactor floor of a nuclear power plant in Scotland last week, its operator said Sunday. U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan had decided to appoint Major-General Martin Luther Agwai of Nigeria as deputy force commander of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL), a U.N. spokesman said here Monday.
t7127 New Zealand's total overseas debt as of December 31 was 65.8 billion NZ dollars (42.7 billion US dollars), a decline of 1.4 billion dollars over the quarter, Statistics New Zealand said Thursday. The Brazilian real continued to appreciate against the U.S. dollar on Wednesday, opening at a seven-year high and climbing past the psychologically important 1.90 to the dollar mark. Greece said on Thursday that worse EU data for the country's budget overspending last year did not change its target for cutting the deficit to less than 4.0 percent of output this year. Wang Guangli seems particularly unsuited to make a movie legally in China, which requires working within a government studio system still replete with censorship and red tape. Real Madrid's Spanish international goalkeeper Iker Casillas claimed Monday that English Premiership side Manchester United are interested in signing him. The fiscal year ends within days, and Congress has not completed work on any of the 12 spending bills it is supposed to pass by Oct. 1 to fund government agencies, Bush noted during remarks to business leaders visiting the White House. One way Democratic leaders might try to War crimes prosecutors wrapped up their case against five Serbs charged with running the notorious Omarska prison camp during the Bosnian war, demanding prison terms ranging from 25 years to life. Paraguayan defender Mariano Villamayor was killed in a car crash on Tuesday and two of his teammates were seriously injured.
t8851 A dispute over checkpoints has blocked aid convoys into besieged Sarajevo awith 1,000 tons of food stranded on the airport taxiway, under a blanket of snow, UN officials said here Tuesday. Half a century after the European Union was created to forgive and forget about World War II, Poland brought it back with a vengeance at this week's EU summit, wielding it as a bargaining chip against the meeting's host -- Germany, of all countries. Twenty-one people were killed in the small west African state of Guinea-Bissau when a minibus taking youths home from a dance collided with a lorry loaded with cashew nuts, police said Monday. Fueled by such hits as Universal's top-selling ``Fast and the Furious'' and an unrated version of ``American Pie 2,'' shipments of DVD movies and music videos jumped a phenomenal 74 percent during the first three months of 2002 compared with sales a year ago, according to figures released Tuesday The bodies of 96 Maoist rebels were recovered after a major clash with government forces west of Kathmandu, state television said Saturday, showing pictures of what it said were rebel corpses. After paying their respects at the shrine of Moussa Kadhim, an eighth-century Shiite Muslim imam, the young family enjoyed some snacks in the courtyard before joining the throngs browsing for new holiday outfits among the clothing stalls outside. Police traveled to the United States on Thursday to interview rap-rock band Limp Bizkit as part of a coroner's investigation into the death of a teen-age girl during a concert earlier this year. Hiromu Nonaka, secretary general of Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and a major power broker within the LDP, said Friday that he will quit.
t5486 China's parliament Saturday adopted a law governing the conduct of the Chinese central bank despite significant opposition from deputies to the bank's moves towards greater autonomy in making monetary policy, official sources said. Dozens of lawyers, dressed in their customary black suits and chanting "Death to Musharraf," boycotted courts and staged a rally in southwest Pakistan on Monday to protest a raid on a relative of country's suspended chief justice. A five-game suspension and fine imposed upon Seattle pitcher Cliff Lee by Major League Baseball have been rescinded following an appeal hearing, the Mariners announced Tuesday. The job is dangerous yet dull, high-profile yet anonymous. The training is intense but rarely put into use. The travel is constant, the destination irrelevant. In an unprecedented U-turn, the Irish authorities decided on Thursday to allow a Nigerian student who was deported ten days ago to return to sit his final school exams. When Ralph Lauren goes green, Mother Earth takes notice. The ubiquitous maker of classic style has produced his first collection of organic home designs in 100 percent pure organic cotton. In the works for almost a year, the Lauren Home collection includes sheets, towels and bed coverings in eight Corn and soybean futures roared higher for a second straight session Thursday in early dealings on the Chicago Board of Trade, responding to the latest outlook for extreme heat in the Midwest. A group of senior military personnel fleeing the war in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) are allegedly refusing to be disarmed before entering Zambia through Kaputa district in Northern Province, Times of Zambia newspaper reported on Wednesday.
t7116 Team New Zealand, 25-1 overall, with its only loss on a protest, is 3-0 in the semi-finals, followed by TAG Heuer, 2-1; oneAustralia, 1-2, and Nippon, 0-3, each with nine races remaining. In a June 17 story on an attempt to break the world record for staying under water, The Associated Press, relying on information from organizers, erroneously reported that the current record holder was Robert Foster, and misidentified him as Canadian. Foster is American, not Canadian, and his 1959 record The interest rate demanded to lend money to Greece shot up to 8.323 percent on Thursday immediately after EU estimates put the Greek public deficit last year at 13.6 percent of output instead of 12.9 percent. Lawyers for American Taliban John Walker Lindh should be barred from interviewing Afghan battlefield detainees in Cuba because the suspected terrorists might convey secret messages to comrades, prosecutors told a federal judge Wednesday. Jerusalem's Greek Orthodox Patriarch Irineos I must resign under the weight of accusations that the patriarchate ceded sensitive Old City lands to Jewish investors, a Palestinian diplomat said Monday. U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said Monday that a 15-year international effort to stem global warming has not halted the buildup of greenhouse gas emissions and that governments must take "unprecedented action" to reverse the trend. A small boat collided with a tow of barges on the Ohio River, and five people were missing, officials said. 3. Satellite Navigation: In the early 1980s, China began to utilize other countries' navigation satellites and develop the application technology of satellite navigation and positioning, which is now widely used in many fields including land survey, ship navigation, aircraft navigation, earthquake monitoring, geological calamity monitoring, forest fire prevention and
t9318 Britain, with its great universities and "one of the best" diplomatic services in the world," should serve as an intellectual bridge between Islam and the West, Prince Charles said Wednesday. In a widening crackdown on Hamas, Israel arrested the founder of the group's military wing and moderate Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas pushed forward with a plan to cut off cash to the Islamic militants. The head of the International Monetary Fund warned Tuesday that Greece faces an "untenable situation" if it does not get help to remain solvent, according to the French daily La Tribune. ``Buddy'' to all the world _ was convicted in 1984 of kidnapping his then wife's alleged lover and torturing him with lit cigarettes. But he was re-elected anyway, and is now the longest-serving big-city mayor in America. Tiger Woods and Chris DiMarco entered a playoff for the 69th Masters title here on Sunday, each American completing 72 holes at 12-under par 276. Last Thursday two dozen political activists and organizations signed a statement drafted by the National Iranian American Council calling on Congress to cut off Iranian civil society funding. The signatories -- who ranged from representatives of billionaire philanthropist George Soros to the group The World Can't Wait/Drive Out the A man sent to a mental institution after a 1982 slaying was arraigned Thursday on charges he sent letters threatening President Bush. Eleven people were killed and more than 20 others injured in three separate accidents in central Kenya on Saturday, the major Daily Nation newspaper reported Monday.
t6029 One of Algeria's best-known television journalists, Rachida Hammadi, was shot dead Monday on the outskirts of Algiers and her sister was seriously injured, security officials said. More than 100 people, including militants, civilians and police, have been killed over three days of fierce clashes between NATO and the Taliban in southern Afghanistan, Afghan officials said. An armed gang stormed two hotels in Mexico's northern economic hub of Monterrey and abducted seven people from one of them, the Nuevo Leon state attorney general said on Wednesday. Despite mounting doubts about its future, Arthur Andersen has rejected a Northern California firm's bid to buy the troubled auditor's tax division. The US ambassador to Israel said Friday Washington clearly supported Israel keeping the large Jewish settlement blocs in the West Bank under a peace deal, prompting an angry reaction from the Palestinians. To give workouts to the various parts of the brain by exposing them to new skills, entrepreneurs are teaming with neuroscientists to develop all kinds of computer exercises. Here's a look at the many options people have for whipping their brains into shape: Weekly charts for the nation's most popular videos as they appear in the July 21, 2001, issue of Billboard magazine. Used with permission: The death toll from the illegal brew rose to 75 and more than 350 people were admitted to hospital on Friday, Kenyan police announced.
t904 Plagues of termites with a taste for reinforced concrete threaten China's cities and are a serious safety hazard for urban residents, a report said Monday. More than 26 million people worldwide have Alzheimer's disease and a new forecast says the number will quadruple by 2050, with the biggest increase expected in Asia. A car bomb exploded near the headquarters of Britain's MI5 domestic security agency in Northern Ireland on Monday, police said, coinciding with the completion of a key stage in the peace process. Anthony Shadid, a reporter in the Washington Bureau of the Boston Globe, was shot Sunday as he walked from Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's compound toward the center of Ramallah. The European Union delayed Wednesday the start of entry talks with Croatia due to its failure to find a key war crimes suspect, ignoring Zagreb's insistent protests that it is already doing all it can. President Bush's first surgeon general testified Tuesday that his speeches were censored to match administration political positions and that he was prevented from giving the public accurate scientific information on issues such as stem-cell research and teen pregnancy prevention. Actor Ed Norton may have stolen the show from his ``Fight Club'' co-star Brad Pitt but Norton's latest film pits him against Hollywood heavyweights Marlon Brando and Robert De Niro. China will auction off over 34, 000 tons of smuggled magnesia on October 26 in the northeastern port city of Yingkou, Liaoning Province.
t2906 Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic on Saturday called for a military alliance to be set up between the Bosnian and Croatian Serbs and rump Yugoslavia to counter a joint command agreed between Croatia and the Croat-Moslem Federation. A vocal anti-Syrian lawmaker and at least nine other people were killed when a bomb ripped through his car on Beirut's popular sea-front Wednesday in the latest assassination of a Lebanese opponent of Damascus, a heavy new blow to the stability of this conflict-torn nation. The Wallabies' World Cup-winning captain John Eales has been appointed to the board of the Australian Rugby Union, the ARU said on Thursday. It was an image of innocence familiar to any father who had tossed a ball with his little boy, cooked him a hamburger, or tucked him into bed at night after a long day at the beach. Pakistan on Sunday released 529 Indian fishermen held since last year for illegally fishing in its territorial waters of Arabian Sea, a senior government official said. It's Sunday, day four of Yearly Kos, the major conference for progressive bloggers, and Gina Cooper, the confab's organizer-in-chief, is surveying the ballroom of the massive McCormick Place Convention Center. A few hundred remaining conventioneers are having brunch, dining on eggs, bagels and sausage. By failing to deal with air rage, airlines and government agencies are putting air travelers increasingly at risk, say flight attendants who allege 4,000 incidents a year of unacceptable passenger behavior. Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi on Friday told those clamoring for the presidency to stop wasting time over the issue since the position was not vacant, according to a news release by the Presidential Press Service.
t4894 German group Linde said Thursday that it scored a consolidated net profit last year of 245.8 million marks, up 37.9 percent from the previous year. A Spanish fishing vessel handed over 25 migrants and the corpse of another to Libyan authorities after it was allowed to dock in Tripoli on Saturday, the ship's captain told news media Saturday. Toyota said Monday it will pay a record 16.4 million dollar fine for concealing gas pedal defects as the US government cautioned that it is not done investigating the Japanese automaker. Any boy wandering lost in the warren of streets and alleyways that form this camp will inevitably tell a concerned adult that he comes from someplace he has almost surely never been. The European Union appears set to back Paul Wolfowitz as head of the World Bank despite an initial cool response to the controversial US nomination, key leaders said Wednesday. Democratic Gov. Timothy Kaine said Wednesday that neither Virginia Tech's president nor its police chief should lose his job because of the findings of the panel he appointed to review the April 16 massacre on campus. As Ken and Rose Kuhlman relax on their front porch, birds chirp and trees rustle in the cool breeze _ sounds that a decade ago were often lost in the thunder of B-52s overhead. Jordanian King Abdullah II has condemned the Israeli killing of Palestinian civilians and called on the Jewish state to honor the signed agreements, Qatar News Agency reported on Monday.
t5399 Augusta bound Miguel Angel Jimenez gave his Masters hopes a massive boost when he carded 14 birdies on the second day of the Portuguese Open at Penha Longa, near Estoril here Friday. Blockbuster Inc. will rent high-definition DVDs only in the Blu-ray format in 1,450 stores when it expands its high-def offerings next month, dealing a major blow to the rival HD DVD format. Apple posted a second-quarter net profit on Tuesday nearly double that of a year ago on revenue that rose nearly 50 percent, boosted by blockbuster iPhone sales. Arab leaders angrily blamed Israel Wednesday for the paltry results of Secretary of State Colin Powell's peace mission, insisting that no progress could be made toward ending the conflict until Israeli troops fully withdraw from Palestinian territories. Elections for Afghanistan's first post-Taliban parliament could be the most challenging the international community has ever helped organise, the man in charge of the polls said Thursday. Chertoff said that SBInet, which integrates cameras, radar and unmanned aerial vehicles to monitor the border, did not satisfy his department during initial tests and that he has asked Boeing, the contractor, to make improvements. Credit Suisse Group ousted Allen Wheat as the chief executive of its investment banking group Thursday amid a government probe into how the firm allocated initial public offerings during the tech-stock boom. With funds of 5.89 million yuan (about 709,600 US dollars) and considerable efforts by the foreign experts, more than 900 rural medics and teachers have received professional training. At present, they are playing important roles in counties and villages in the province, helping the disabled people with medical treatment
t8566 The White House said Monday there would be no direct negotiations with Baghdad for the release of two US citizens who have been sentenced to eight years in prison for illegally entering Iraq. Iran has produced 100 kilograms (220 pounds) of enriched uranium, the country's interior minister was quoted Friday as saying about the controversial process that can make fuel for civilian energy or fissile material for a bomb. Tornadoes tore through the southern US state of Mississippi Saturday, killing at least 10 people, injuring nearly two dozen and destroying homes, officials said. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it Belgian star Tom Boonen will saddle up as a major favourite for Paris-Roubaix, Sunday's rugged one-day classic which could put the charismatic Quick Step rider on the road to emulating former three-time winner Johan Museeuw. Two years ago, in something of a surprise, Bush ordered Texas judges to take a new look at the case of Jose Medellin, a Houston murderer who was born in Mexico. The president, who has been a staunch proponent of the death penalty since his days as governor of Pentagon planners are getting out their calculators again after coming up with figures suggesting the American military of the future will have to be bigger, not smaller, than the 1.4 million men and women in uniform today. ISLAMABAD, November 30 (Xinhua) -- The population growth rate in Pakistan has decelerated to 2.2 percent by March 2000 and is expected to further fall to 2.0 percent by 2003, Associated Press of Pakistan reported Thursday.
t6764 President Fidel Ramos of the Philippines on Wednesday announced a ban on new contracts for Filipina maids going to Singapore and recalled Manila's ambassador after a Filipina domestic helper was hanged there last week. Sixteen of the two dozen amendments the Senate will consider attaching to a revived immigration bill come from senators who helped derail the legislation this month. The United States on Thursday condemned deadly grenade attacks in Bangkok and urged all sides in Thailand to exercise restraint. ``California Fresh Harvest: A Seasonal Journey Through Northern California,'' by the Junior League of Oakland-East Bay, took the top prize in the 2001 Tabasco Community Cookbook Awards, a contest that recognizes extraordinary cookbooks that benefit communities across America. A sequel to the league's first cookbook, ``California Fresh,'' published in Dutchman Thomas Dekker, of the Rabobank team, stunned a host of established professionals by winning the 98.5km second stage of the Criterium international race between Vieilles Forges to here on Sunday. When David Cronenberg brings violence to the screen, it feels like something directed at our moral consciences as much as at the dead, bleeding bodies sprawled in front of us. State Supreme Court justices have reversed a $4.3 million judgment awarded Connie Stevens' former manager, who claimed the singer owed him royalties from sales of her cosmetics line on Home Shopping Network. The Philadelphia 76ers snatched their 10th straight win to become the NBA's lone unbeaten team with a 114-90 rout of the Boston Celtics on Monday.
t9337 Russian tanks, planes and artillery pounded the Chechen stronghold of Shali into submission on Wednesday, forcing separatist forces to retreat and sending thousands of refugees into the hills. The parents of troubled starlet Lindsay Lohan are fighting in a suburban New York court over visitation of their younger children. A South Korean climber on Tuesday claimed the record as the first woman to scale the world's 14 highest peaks after reaching the summit of Annapurna in Nepal, in a bid shrouded in controversy. The US International Trade Commission ruled Thursday that subsidized Canadian lumber imports threaten American producers, clearing the way for the Bush administration to impose 27 percent tariffs on the shipments. Tiger Woods survived a dramatic playoff against Chris DiMarco to win his fourth Masters title and announce his return to the top of the world rankings here on Sunday. Brute force can never subdue the basic human desire for freedom. The thousands of people who marched in the cities of Eastern Europe in recent decades, the unwavering determination of the people in my homeland of Tibet and the recent demonstrations in Burma are powerful reminders of this truth. The White House Web site dodged an Internet bullet Thursday, using some technical sleight of hand to sidestep a computer virus dubbed ``Code Red,'' security experts said. Indonesian police on Sunday stepped up their crackdown on a separatist group in Irian Jaya province by raiding the Arts and Cultural Center in the provincial capital city of Jayapura, local leading newspapers reported Monday.
t3380 Police were searching on Monday for bodies trapped in the mangled wreckage of a bus and tractor-trailer set ablaze in Sunday's collision with an oil tanker which left at least 100 people dead. An explosion rocked Gaza City on Thursday afternoon, and plumes of white smoke rose from the direction of a security post. Poland's Krakow airport closed Friday due to a cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland, a spokeswoman said, two days ahead of the funeral in the southern city of Poland's President Lech Kaczynski. Have a question about the news? Colin Bessonette will try to get an answer. Call 404-222-2002, or write him at The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302, or e-mail him at q&AMP;a(at)ajc.com. Please include your name and hometown. French supermarket group Casino announced Monday the appointment of former company president Jean-Charles Naouri to the post of chief executive officer, following the departure of managing director Pierre Bouchut, the company said in a statement. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff predicted painful economic fallout from the array of immigration enforcement measures the administration unveiled Friday in an attempt to choke off the jobs ``magnet'' that draws illegal immigrants. An 11-year-old Palestinian boy was shot and killed and two other Palestinian children were wounded in the Gaza Strip Saturday in an area where Palestinian militants and Israeli soldiers had been exchanging fire. Landslides and floods which had struck three districts in Indonesia's Central Java province following two days of torrential rains, have killed at least 21 residents and damaged dozens of houses, officials said.
t375 The United States, Japan and South Korea expressed agreement Friday on the use of South Korean-designed nuclear reactors as the basis for a deal restructuring Pyongyang's nuclear program. A concrete wall collapsed Saturday night in a Kenyan slum during driving rain, tipping debris into makeshift homes and killing eight people as they slept, police said. For most of the world, the iPad is seen as a spiffy new tablet computer worthy of fawning adoration, but in Brazil the device is capable of jolting hearts -- literally. On Friday afternoons from November to April, tens of thousands of Southern California skiers and snowboarders jump into their cars and drive north. They make excellent time speeding through the Mojave Desert, up the vast Owens Valley and along the eastern edge of the Sierra Nevada, and arrive in Financial Secretary Henry Tang said Wednesday that Hong Kong had posted its first budget surplus in five years as the economy bounced back strongly in 2004 with growth of 8.1 percent. A U.S. military spokesman accused Iranian leaders Monday of using guerrillas from Lebanon's militant Hezbollah group to train militiamen fighting American troops in Iraq and to organize attacks, including a January ambush on an Iraqi-U.S. outpost that killed five American soldiers. MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL_Suspended Houston Astros INF Charlie Hayes for two games and fined him an undisclosed amount for directing inappropriate comments toward the umpires, refusing to leave the field after being ejected and throwing equipment onto the playing field in a June 14 game. Suspended Colorado Rockies INF Terry French President Jacques Chirac announced here Friday that a deal on China's entry to the World Trade Organization could be finished within a matter of days.
t6179 Brigitte Bardot appealed Monday for a boycott of Canadian and Norwegian products and said that tourists should stay away from the two countries to protest their relaxation of laws on seal hunting. About 110 people were killed this month in North Korea when gasoline leaking from a dilapidated pipeline exploded in a rural area of the communist country, a South Korean aid group said Tuesday. The European Broadcasting Union on Wednesday hit out at budget cuts and government interference in public broadcasting, warning that they hurt programme quality. At least 40 demonstrators remained in a Minsk jail Saturday, after truncheon-wielding police officers in Belarus on Friday violently broke up a downtown march protesting living conditions and inadequate salaries. The father of severely brain-damaged Terri Schiavo said Friday that she is "down to her last hours" one week after her feeding tube was cut off, and called on an appeals court to seriously consider her family's latest appeal to keep her alive. Your report on the solar system for science class is due -- tomorrow! -- and you are just getting started. You need information, and you need it fast. A consortium led by Irish entrepreneur Denis O'Brien made a sweetened offer Friday for Ireland's privatized phone company, Eircom PLC, intensifying a takeover battle with a group led by media magnate and former ketchup tycoon Tony O'Reilly. Twelve people were believed killed when a factory caught fire in Soweto, a black township in Johannesburg, South Africa on Friday night, local police reported on Saturday.
t708 Italian politicians and financial dealers prepared Sunday for a stormy week in which the government of Lamberto Dini could fall after former premier Silvio Berlusconi's threat to block an emergency budget. Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt's government of Liberals and Socialists took a fierce beating in Sunday's general elections as Christian Democrats translated eight years on the opposition benches into major gains, according to early vote projections. Russian metals giant UC Rusal said Monday it had swung back into the black in 2009 following its debt restructuring, reporting a net profit of 821 million US dollars. Sequencing DNA, whether of hamster or human, is a big project. Biotechnology companies spend enormous sums and tap the creativity of countless scientists to determine the exact order of DNA nucleotides in genes, in the hope that the knowledge will lead to new drugs to fight disease. US President George W. Bush has invited Indian leader Manmohan Singh to the United States and has indicated that he wants to visit India later this year or early next year, officials said Wednesday. Those who question the need for an NAACP in the post-civil-rights era need only look at the Supreme Court's recent decision concerning integration in public schools or the federal government's response to Hurricane Katrina, NAACP Chairman Julian Bond said Sunday night in a speech kicking off the organization's 98th Politicians voiced regrets and recriminations Sunday over David Trimble's decision to quit as leader of the joint Catholic-Protestant administration for Northern Ireland, but vowed to negotiate their way through the crisis besetting the 1998 peace accord. The rate is also much lower than its affiliate, Hotel Plaza Athenee New York, which has an occupancy rate of more than 80 percent. It charges about 400 dollars per night.
t8952 Hoechst, the leading German chemicals group, increased profits by 80 percent last year and expects them to rise by at least 15 percent this year even if it acquires US pharmaceutical company Marion Merrel Dow (MMD), Hoechst said on Tuesday. David Toms shot a 5-under-par 65 Friday to move into a tie for the second-round lead at a blustery and rainy Travelers Championship. Japan's hottest tennis prospect Kei Nishikori will skip the Davis Cup tie against Australia in Brisbane next month as he has not fully recovered from injury, the national tennis association said Monday. I use an electric lawn mower, and when I'm cutting the grass in the front yard, I plug the mower into an outlet in my living room. Britain's Labour government is in no doubt about how it can win an unprecedented third consecutive general election next month -- talk up its widely recognised strong management of the economy since 1997. The United States still considers the group its chief obstacle to establishing security in Iraq, but U.S. military leaders have been encouraged by the series of successful strikes. Positive news about the economy and an upbeat forecast from Dell Computer pulled stocks higher Thursday as Wall Street felt more encouraged about the possibility of a business turnaround by year end. A high-ranking British military officer Friday promised that Britain will continue to offer military assistance to Tanzania, a statement from the Tanzania People's Defense Forces (TPDF) said Saturday.
t9854 The dollar remained firm against the yen early here Friday morning following an overnight discount rate cut by the German central bank, trading at 89.42-45 at 9 a.m. (2400 GMT Thursday) against 88.31-33 yen Thursday afternoon here. Defense-related stocks surged Monday amid reports the government will push ahead with shareholding reforms that allow limited foreign investment in China's weapons makers. The government of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez maintains links to Colombia's FARC guerrillas, providing them with financial and logistics support, a top US general said Wednesday. The popular television show ``The Bachelor'' has revived a debate that has preoccupied every fifth-grade class since the Stone Age: is it better to throw yourself at a guy you like, or just to ignore him? Rangers defender Maurice Ross has recovered from a groin injury and will be fit for the Scottish Premier League leaders' match against Dundee United here at Ibrox on Tuesday. Kevin Bacon, whose considerable talents go a long way here, plays Tom Stark, a "train man" who manfully immerses himself in his work to avoid the pain of wife Megan's imminent death from cancer. Played by Marcia Gay Harden, his wife deals with the pain and sorrow by quoting New York Mets right-hander Rick Reed left Friday's game against Philadelphia after being hit by a line drive above his left wrist. Fresh fighting between Sri Lankan government forces and separatist Tamil Tiger rebels on Tuesday left 31 rebels dead in north Jaffna peninsula, a military spokesman said on Wednesday.
t8389 Police Minister Moshe Shahal said Monday that he would soon put forward his plan to separate the Israelis and Palestinians as a means to curb terror attacks. Barack Obama is running well among high-earning, well-educated Democrats in the race for his party's 2008 presidential nomination. But unless he can broaden his appeal, he risks mimicking past flameouts by Gary Hart, Paul Tsongas and Bill Bradley. Afghanistan will not allow foreign troops to move against the Taliban in Kandahar unless they guarantee that civilians will be protected and governance pushed into target areas, an official said Sunday. The 35-ton gentle giant lived millions of years ago and came equipped with a handy giraffelike neck that enabled it to stretch up into conifers and to reach down into moist areas for a salad of ferns and horsetails _ without risk of becoming stuck in the mud. The Pope John Paul II was laid to rest in Saint Peter's basilica Friday after an elaborate and emotional funeral rite attended by about one million people and watched by countless others around the world. We recently spoke in New York City with 9-year-old Bindi Irwin, who stars in Animal Planet's "Bindi: The Jungle Girl." Bindi is the daughter of "Crocodile Hunter" Steve Irwin, a conservationist and wildlife expert who died in 2006. Joblessness in Britain continued to decline last month, falling to a new 25-year low of 3.2 percent, the government said Wednesday. CANBERRA, November 29 (Xinhua) -- Star player Andrew Gaze and his father, leading coach Lindsay Gaze, may leave the Australian National Basketball League (NBL) because of the league's decision on Wednesday that coaches would wear television microphones next season.
t443 Ministers from Poland's new leftist government under prime minister- designate Josef Oleksy won the key backing early Saturday of parliamentary commissions here. Republican Sen. Sam Brownback, campaigning for president before the National Catholic Men's Conference, questioned whether rape victims should get abortions. A South African court on Monday turned down a request to throw out corruption charges against the country's disgraced ex-police chief and former head of Interpol, Jackie Selebi. The Texans are too green to have rivals, but the fact their fans seem to have established a couple of enemies is enough to have players looking forward to two dates in particular on the 2002 NFL schedule, which was released Thursday. Palestinian faction leaders, in Cairo for crunch talks, headed towards extending a cooling down period rather than agreeing on a full-fledged truce, despite pressure from Israel and Egypt. Summer is here. It's time for kids to idle away the days on a shady front porch or in a cool basement. Among their playthings are those that likely entertained their baby boomer parents or grandparents: Silly Putty, Play-Doh or maybe super-spud Mr. Potato Head. Clashes shattered a lull in fighting between Macedonian troops and ethnic Albanian rebels early Saturday, a day before a new American envoy was due to arrive in a bid to renew stalemated peace negotiations. The Western Forum of China, the largest international event held so far to focus on developing China's western region, closed today in Chengdu, capital of southwestern Sichuan Province.
t4559 Canada has released a Spanish trawler at the center of an acrimonious fishing dispute with the European Union, EU officials said Wednesday. Waving signs and wearing black, silver and white, hundreds of fans gathered at the airport in sweltering heat to greet the returning Spurs and celebrate the San Antonio's fourth NBA championship on Friday. US Defense Secretary Robert Gates has warned the White House it does not have an effective policy for dealing with Irans alleged nuclear weapons push, The New York Times reported late Saturday. Some things never change, not the brilliance of Tiger Woods, not his confidence at the Masters, not his dominance of an era. Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev on Wednesday appointed a new interior minister and prosecutor general as the ex-Soviet nation's opposition stepped up its protests over a parliamentary election. College Football: Kurt STREETER on USC Coach Pete Carroll. Major League Baseball: BBA-REDSOX-WHITESOX -- CHICAGO -- The Soxes are scoreless in the sixth inning. Developing, by Jeff Goldberg (Courant). BBA-YANKEES-TIGERS -- DETROIT -- After playing until 4 a.m. Saturday, the Yankees and Tigers play again with Chien-Ming Wang (14-6, Faced with an ``abrupt'' economic slowdown, Corning Inc. plans to close three manufacturing plants and cut another 1,000 jobs from its photonic technologies division. Zimbabwe's year-on-year inflation rate for October this year as measured by the all items Consumer Price Index (CPI) dropped by 1.2 percentage points to 60. 8 percent.
t9223 Iranian-backed Hezbollah guerrillas on Wednesday attacked pro-Israeli militiamen on patrol in southern Lebanon, wounding one of them, the militia's radio said. Neighbors of Elvira Carvajal sought refuge in her house so U.S. immigration agents would not arrest them. Friends of Herman Martinez asked him to bring them milk for their children because they were afraid to step onto the streets. The Portuguese government angrily denounced an "attack from the markets" on Tuesday after its credit rating was downgraded and rejected any comparison to the debt crisis in Greece. Size apparently matters. If the Internet can be used as a gauge of the collective male psyche, plenty of men want abs of steel, more hair and a larger penis. Iraq's new president Jalal Talabani on Sunday restated his support for a continued US military presence in Iraq, one day after large demonstrations by supporters of Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr demanded US troops leave the country. "30 Days of Night" is the kind of gruesome but entertaining survival guide you pray you never have to follow: how to stop vampires killing you during the darkest days of Alaskan winter. Shares of consulting giant Accenture Ltd. rose 4 percent Thursday, a day after the consulting giant raised $1.67 billion in one of the year's largest initial public offerings. India would export to Iraq a total of 1.5 million tons of wheat including 350,000 tons in lieu of crude petroleum beginning in February next year, officials in the Consumer Affairs Ministry said here on Monday.
t9245 France said Wednesday it opposed a US call for economic and military sanctions against Libya to be tightened, notably by the imposition of an oil embargo. Jose-Filipe Lima of Portugal and Swedens Niclas Fasth moved to 11-under Saturday to take a two-stroke lead into the final round of the BMW International Open. Windspeeds of up to 40 mph (64 kph) made play difficult at the Golfclub Munchen-Nord. The United States is "not very helpful" when it comes to fighting climate change, EU parliament president Jerzy Buzek said Tuesday during a visit to the US Capitol. ``Deuces Wild'' is a film that desperately wants to be a music video circa 1983. All that's missing from its absurdly stagy scenes of gang warfare on the streets of Brooklyn in 1958 is the pounding screech of Michael Jackson's ``Beat It.'' The music we get instead is a More than 80 percent of Djibouti's voters followed an opposition call to boycott the country's presidential poll which was won by sole candidate and incumbent President Ismail Omar Guelleh, the opposition said Sunday. In nearly every state, including Virginia, the cost of providing basic care for a foster child exceeds the government's foster-care reimbursement, according to national research released this month. President Bush said Thursday he is having a hard time selling a missile defense plan to skeptical allies in Europe because he has only ``vague notions'' about what it would entail. Bush also bristled at criticism of his climate change policy. Hong Kong will host an international soccer friendly match against Estonia on December 10, the Hong Kong Football Association announced here Monday.
t6587 US Vice President Al Gore flew into Amman Tuesday for a two-day visit aimed at assuring Jordanian leaders of Washington's support, officials said. Stunned by the Hamas takeover of Gaza, Arab allies of the United States are throwing their support strongly behind Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' West Bank-based government, fearing the militant group's new power could fuel region-wide turmoil. The first round of Poland's presidential elections to elect a successor to Lech Kackzynski, who was killed in a plane crash, will be held on June 20, the parliament's press service announced Wednesday. The gruff South Florida police chief who merited a handful of passing mentions in the local newspaper in the 1950s and loomed large as the difficult-to-please father of one of the area's favorite sons, died last week. He was 95. Britain's main opposition Conservatives will try to get their pre-election campaign back on track this week after it fell off the rails over the extend of plans to slash public spending. But the bill garnered more Republican support than it has in 30 years of discussion on the issue, and its backers pledged to try again -- if not in this session, then in a new Congress where Democratic gains could spell the difference. The House's blowup over campaign finance legislation could have repercussions on other issues now before Congress while also raising the stakes, and money flow, in the 2002 election. Tottenham Hotspur fought back from a goal down to outplay Liverpool and earn a 2-1 premier league victory at White Hart Lane on Sunday.
t9408 Russia's new public television network is set to go on the air Saturday following talks mediated by Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin that allowed officials to iron out a number of differences. Former Iraqi armed forces chief under Saddam Hussein is sentenced to death by hanging in trial for 1980s scorched-earth campaign against Kurds. The UN Security Council on Tuesday unanimously adopted a Russian-drafted resolution urging all states to toughen legislation aimed at prosecuting and jailing pirates caught off Somalia. In the end, the scuttling of talks aimed at settling securities lawsuits against Arthur Andersen by Enron stakeholders came down to a decision by Wall Street to try to limit its own liability for Enron's collapse. Philippine share prices closed 0.52 percent lower in light trade Monday, extending losses for a fifth straight session on worries that rising interest rates could eat into corporate profits, dealers said. Intercepting the smuggled arms should be simple enough , because shipments have to be unloaded from Iranian trucks and transferred to Iraqi trucks at the border. The trouble is, the reloading is done on the Iranian side, behind a wall. Leaders of the seven wealthiest countries, anxious to show they are on top of the problems besetting the global economy, began meeting in one-on-one sessions Friday in advance of the formal opening of their annual economic summit. ``It really begins with each of our own countries making sure our About 100 surgeons from seven East African countries Tuesday met for a second day discussing how to avoid being infected in dealing with patients with HIV/AIDS.
t8501 German Chancellor Helmut Kohl plans to suspend a financial aid package to Turkey worth 150 million German marks (107 million dollars) to protest against Ankara's military operation against Turkish Kurds in northern Iraq, Peter Hinze, a leader of Kohl's CDU party, said on Monday. U.S. private equity company Lone Star Funds confirmed in a statement Friday it sold 13.6 percent of Korea Exchange Bank in overnight block sales to institutions for US$1.28 billion (euro960 million). Raising money for global aid and giving emerging countries more say in how it is distributed are core World Bank issues to be mulled Sunday at a meeting in Washington. The Bruins had the points in the regular season. They had the No. 1 seed in the East. They had the confidence, they had the expectations. They had the veteran forwards, the high scorers, the big and talented front line, and the goaltending. They believed that all of those West Indies master batsman Brian Lara smashed his 27th Test century here on Friday on the opening day of the second Test against South Africa to surpass Sir Garry Sobers as his country's most prolific century maker. Faludi herself was fine, she said, with the prospect of a month or so on the road. But when the suitcases were dragged out, her high-strung cat went into severe gastric distress, which led to a midnight visit to the veterinarian and a crash apartment cleanup. A strong performance by General Dynamics' combat systems division led the company to an 11 percent increase in quarterly earnings, matching Wall Street expectations. The Palestinians on Thursday flatly rejected Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak's proposal on an interim peace deal that would defer the core issues of Jerusalem and Palestinian refugees for up to three years.
t7133 The UN Security Council is likely to give different names to its peacekeeping forces in Croatia, Bosnia and Macedonia, while keeping them under a central command in Zagreb, western diplomats said. David Hasselhoff's ex-wife returned to court with a new lawyer to represent her in a divorce battle with the actor. Former Celtic star Shunsuke Nakamura has criticised his fellow countrymen as insular for staying at home and urged them to play abroad for their own good and to boost Japan's place in world football. AUSTIN, Texas - In the highest hill the Enfield section of the city, the grand house sits in lonesome repose _ a brick antebellum mansion surrounded by hulking live oaks, vacant for six years, the cultural and historical centerpiece of one of the most exclusive neighborhoods in Austin. It Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong will visit Laos, Myanmar and Cambodia this week as part of a new leader's traditional introductory trips to fellow ASEAN states, his office said Monday. Violent crime incidents -- defined as murder, rape, robbery or aggravated assault -- rose by 1.9 percent to 1.41 million in 2006. Murders increased 1.8 percent to 17,034. A small boat collided with a tow of barges on the Ohio River, killing one person and leaving four others missing. The European Union (EU) has defined a four-point policy for developing relations with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), said the French Foreign Ministry on Wednesday.
t4572 Japanese computer group NEC was the only potential stockholder publicly identified when the 1700 GMT Wednesday deadline passed for groups to file bids to take part in privatization of big French computer group Bull, giving rise to doubt about the success of the plan. Cheering Hamas supporters wearing green headbands and waving flags surged through Gaza's streets as Islamic militants in black masks took over one of President Mahmoud Abbas' offices and rifled through his bedroom. Three people were killed and eleven wounded in a suicide car bomb attack in the northwestern Pakistani city of Kohat on Sunday, police said. Bitter infighting between factions of the Screen Actors Guild has escalated into a war of accusations, sign-waving protests and even the exploitation of such Hollywood legends as Boris Karloff and James Cagney in an advertising campaign. A federal appeals court turned down early Wednesday an emergency request by the parents of a severely brain-damaged woman in Florida to have her feeding tube reinserted. Carmen Angulo tells visitors to step carefully when entering her home. Pots and pans lay to the right, clothes to the left and her three children, parents and a few nieces and nephews nap on mattresses tossed on the floor. The House voted Tuesday to extend a ``debt-for-nature'' law that lets developing countries avoid some obligations to the United States by protecting rain forests. A group of foreign pantomimists, who are here to participate in the Second Shanghai International Art Festival, visited urban communities to entertain people Saturday afternoon.
t4619 Premeditated murder has not been ruled out in the 1993 killing of a Roman Catholic cardinal, gunned down at the Guadalajara airport in what the government said was a case of mistaken identity, the lead prosecutor said Wednesday. Exiting the arena with the NBA finals MVP trophy in one arm and his actress fiancee on the other, Tony Parker looked like someone who should be a megastar in America. A US government watchdog on Monday criticized Indonesia's Constitutional Court for upholding a law against blasphemy, fearing it may embolden extremists. Rankings reflect sales for the week ending April 6 at almost 4,000 bookstores, plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide. Japan will let detained US-born chess legend Bobby Fischer move to Iceland which has granted him citizenship, refusing US demands to extradite him to the United States where he faces prison, Japanese news agencies said Wednesday. John Singer Sargent (1856-1925) was an American who lived most of his life in Europe. When inspired, Sargent painted from dawn to dusk, seven days a week. Allstate Corp., the nation's No. 2 property-casualty insurer, said Tuesday its second-quarter catastrophe losses will be an estimated $536 million and will reduce earnings by about 48 cents a share. Cuban media are highlighting Thursday the United Nation's approval of the Cuban-drafted resolution which urged the United States to lift its 40-year long economic blockade against this Caribbean island nation.
t6598 Bosnian Serbs Tuesday released a Russian UN military observer they had arrested for belonging to an alleged spy group, the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) said here. Somalia offered amnesty Tuesday to former members of a radical Islamic group that ruled much of the country's south for six months last year, saying it was a sign of goodwill ahead of a planned peace conference. South Korea's top prosecutor on Wednesday launched a probe into allegations that dozens of prosecutors had been bribed with sex with prostitutes by a builder in return for business favours. The National Grid Group was supposed to be on the hunt for companies that would bolster its presence in the U.S. electricity market. When history looks back coldly to determine "Who lost the Russian empire?" it will surely reserve a seat for Vladimir Putin, a leader propelled into the Kremlin on vows to revive a great power but who by his own admission faces unforeseen challenges in doing so. Giuliani will share the stage here with Margaret Thatcher, the iconic conservative former British prime minister, as he delivers an inaugural lecture named after her to the right-leaning Atlantic Bridge think tank. After thrashing stages for 15 years and selling more than 25 million pop/punk albums, The Offspring are thinking about calling it quits _ eventually. The Palestinian National Authority on Monday held the Israeli government and the Israel Defense Forces responsible for missile attacks on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip.
t6817 Top Philippine and US military officials are to meet here to review defense ties between the two countries, an armed forces spokesman said Wednesday. David Hasselhoff's ex-wife returned to court with a new lawyer to represent her in a divorce battle with the actor. Brazil is to ask France and Switzerland to hand over secret bank files to crack open a case in which French engineering group Alstom is suspected of paying bribes to win lucrative tenders, media reported Thursday. I never did see the maharajah in his palace, but early one morning, I could hear his alarm clock go off. Another person has died of the Marburg virus in Angola and five more people, including a Portuguese citizen, were hospitalised, bringing the toll from the Ebola-like disease to 121 deaths and 132 ill, officials said Sunday. Al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden took direct aim at faltering Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf in a recording released Thursday that could portend greater instability for the nation at a time when it is already experiencing deep political turmoil. Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres held unscheduled talks with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat here Sunday after assuring the Egyptian president that his government planned no major assault on the Palestinians. Tanzanian Ministry of Health clarified on Monday that so far there is no confirmed Ebola case in the country, assuring the people that appropriate measures have been taken to encounter any outbreak of the killing viral disease.
t3512 Americans don't go to the polls to elect a president for 19 months but presidential candidates are in hot pursuit of the almighty dollar, which can spell the difference between victory and defeat. Bolivia's willingness to bend its anti-globalization stance allowed Andean leaders work out a common stand on a trade deal with the European Union at a summit here Thursday. Philippine police have arrested a Malaysian man for allegedly trying to smuggle over a million dollars' worth of illegal drugs into the country, an official said Friday. President Bush reached out Wednesday to antiabortion activists, evangelical Christians, and social conservatives at the White House with his strongest endorsement yet of their campaign to enact a federal ban on human cloning for both reproduction and medical research. Australian center Andrew Bogut, who has sparked the University of Utah into the "Sweet 16" of American college basketball, is a finalist for honors as the top US college player of the year. Barbara Krumsiek, chief executive of the Calvert Group, the Bethesda, Md., mutual fund company that makes socially responsible investments, sat behind her desk the other morning and held a conference call with the new manager of a fund that had been on a disastrous run. An estimated 2,000 Protestant Orangemen massed behind a high steel barricade Sunday as they were blocked from marching through a Catholic enclave in this divided town. The Shanghai B-share market rose 0.83 percent to close at 73.67 points Monday, coming off its intraday high of 74.82 points.
t6857 China and the Philippines ended three days of talks here Wednesday on a row over the Spratly Islands, with Beijing showing little sign of flexibility and reasserting its sovereignty claims. U.N. arms monitors have begun interviewing thousands of former communist rebel fighters confined in camps in Nepal to determine if there are any underage combatants among them, officials said on Wednesday. Blows rained on Greece Thursday as it said it could meet its tough fiscal targets only to be hit with a gloomy EU revision of its deficit, a daunting rise in borrowing costs and a new ratings downgrade. One of the five men on trial here for plotting to blow up buildings in Strasbourg, France, admitted his role in the plot on Tuesday and that he received his military and ideological training in Afghanistan. American Bobby Julich continued his great early season form by claiming victory in the Criterium International three-stage race here Sunday after winning the concluding time trial. With the mortally wounded guards lying by their checkpoint, sports utility vehicles accompanying a dignitary rolled into the neighboring justice ministry compound. Sadr, the head of Iraqi state media, believed the sniper was with them. The incident, he said, was a brutal introduction into the world of private security Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres met Yasser Arafat here Sunday, aiming to heal what he called ``poisoned'' relations and saying Israel doesn't intend a major military assault against the Palestinian leader. Mongolia recorded a trade deficit of 89.4 million U.S. dollars in the first 10 months of this year, an increase of 22.6 percent over the same period of last year, Mongolia's National Statistical Office reported Tuesday.
t2140 Cuban President Fidel Castro is to meet French head of state Francois Mitterrand for lunch at the Elysee Palace on Monday, the first ever such meeting, officials said Thursday. Hundreds of Hamas fighters firing rockets and mortar shells captured the headquarters of the Fatah-allied security forces in northern Gaza on Tuesday, scoring a key victory in the bloody battle for control of Gaza. Europe's main stock markets climbed at the start of trade on Wednesday, after overnight gains on Wall Street and earlier in Tokyo. ``This fashionable watering-place,'' Thomas Hardy wrote of Bournemouth in 1891, ``was like a fairy place suddenly created by the stroke of a wand, and allowed to get a little dusty.'' Alessandra Mussolini, grand-daughter of Italy's wartime dictator, Friday lost a court appeal against a ban on her right-wing party contesting next month's regional elections. Interim President Raul Castro announced Thursday that his government will seek to open Cuba to more foreign investment, the clearest indication yet of his plans for ruling this island nation. Eli Lilly and Co., revealed the identities of more than 600 patients who take the anti-depressant drug, Prozac, by inadvertently disclosing their e-mail addresses on the Internet, according to a published report. China has developed an advanced software development platform for the geographic information system (GIS), which can be used in such areas as urban planning, land management, environmental protection and agriculture as well as in the military.
t2409 Foreign Minister Qian Qichen sought Friday to calm regional fears over China's military intentions in the South China Sea, while also defending this year's defence budget increase. The United States has "irrefutable" evidence that Iran is transferring weapons to the Taliban in Afghanistan, with the knowledge of the Iranian government, and NATO has intercepted some of the shipments, said a senior U.S. diplomat on Wednesday. US President Barack Obama is keeping his plans to fly to Poland for the funeral of president Lech Kaczynski despite a huge volcanic ash cloud over northern Europe, the White House said Thursday. Catalina Olivares stepped into the harness, talked with her climbing partner for about two minutes as he tied a figure-eight knot in the nylon rope, then approached the 25-foot wall. She placed her right hand on a chunk of concrete bolted into the wall about a foot above her Stylish batsman Rahul Dravid completed a century in each innings of a Test match as India consolidated their position in the second Test against Pakistan here on Saturday. In the summer of 2003, budget-cutting California lawmakers closed state trade promotion offices in London, Hong Kong, Mexico City and other world business centers, a dozen in all. Sigourney Weaver doesn't mind getting older _ she'll be 52 in October. And a huge reason for her self-confidence is her husband, who's 45. The tense situation in Nuwara Eliya district of central Sri Lanka has returned to normal on Tuesday evening after three days of sporadic violence, a senior police officer said.
t5705 Trading will be suspended on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Monday to resolve a crisis sparked off by a broker defaulting on payments, newspapers and bourse officials said Sunday. Tuareg rebels have claimed responsibility for an assault on an airport in Niger, saying they wanted to destroy a fleet of planes used by the military to pinpoint their desert hideouts. Slovak authorities have decided to keep airspace over the country open throughout Tuesday until at least Wednesday afternoon after a three-day closure due to volcanic ash, the transport ministry told AFP. As Palestinians searched the fetid ruins here for their dead and missing Thursday, Israel pulled its forces back to the edges of the camp and said it would withdraw from the city entirely Thursday night. At least one person was killed during a demonstration here calling for the return of exiled former president Jean Bertrand Aristide, Haitian radio reported Thursday. In a report to be released Sunday, a panel of experts assembled by the U.S. Institute of Peace calls for a 50 percent reduction in U.S. forces in Iraq within three years and a total withdrawal and handover of security to the Iraqi military in five years. 800 words, Starved for good news, investors sent stocks soaring Thursday on weak earnings reports that provided just enough hope that a business turnaround will come sooner rather than later. The Dow Jones industrials and Nasdaq composite each surged by triple digits in their biggest rallies in two months. The BSE-30 share Sensitive Index opened steady at 3,946.83 and later fluctuated in a narrow range of 3,971.32 and 3,884.88 before closing at 3,901.90 as against Wednesday's close of 3,946.53, netting a substantial fall of 44.63 points.
t5917 Saudi authorities have arrested more than 280 members of the country's reformist opposition this month, a newspaper report said Sunday. At least one Palestinian was killed and 15 wounded as gunmen and Israeli soldiers exchanged fire Monday at the Erez crossing between Israel and Gaza, the Israeli rescue service and Palestinian hospital officials said. The military said no Israelis were injured. A strong showing on Wall Street as well as bargain-buying helped most Asian stocks markets bounce back Tuesday from the previous day's big losses. The name Jim Thorpe, Pa., does not evoke the cachet of, say, Southampton, N.Y., or Newport, R.I., but like those places, it is increasingly drawing people who are searching for weekend homes. Eleven Iraqi police commandos were killed and 14 other people wounded in a suicide car bombing in Ramadi Thursday night, a US military spokesman said. Swamped in bills from her brain-damaged son's hospital care, the Medford widow saw the broker, a friend's sister, as a trusted expert. But instead of the expected 30-year fixed rate with a $1,700 monthly payment, Matus said, she didn't understand why her payments soon ballooned to $2,049 monthly. Tangela Smith scored a season-high 27 points and made a tiebreaking free throw with 17.4 seconds left, lifting the Sacramento Monarchs to a 69-67 victory Thursday night over the Utah Starzz. The ongoing negotiations for an international agreement on rolling back global warming was deadlocked Friday over how to cut greenhouse gas emissions at home.
t1840 Women worldwide marked International Women's Day on Wednesday as US President Bill Clinton's wife Hillary unveiled a 100-million-dollar aid package for disadvantaged women on three continents. The head of the FBI's Boston office is warning the region's top universities to be on the lookout for foreign spies or potential terrorists who might be trying to steal unclassified, yet sensitive, research. A local official who doubled as a reporter for a radio station was gunned down in the southern Philippines on Wednesday, police said. ``There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things,'' wrote the Renaissance political strategist Niccol Machiavelli. A frozen mammoth dug up from the Siberian tundra was unveiled in central Japan on Friday in a preview of the six-month World Exposition which is expected to draw millions of tourists. A day after hearing testimony about health problems from Hurricane Katrina victims who had lived in government-supplied trailers, members of Congress on Friday questioned why a federal agency was auctioning many of those trailers to dealers and individuals across the country. A moment arrives in every comeback when it's easier to say yes than no, to turn back instead of pushing on. China will host the 2004 Asian Cup finals after they beat Thailand Friday in a vote of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) here.
t6519 The Taliban army of Islamic students launched a successful counter- attack against President Burhanuddin Rabbani's forces south of Kabul, witnesses said Tuesday. Saudi Arabia's foreign minister called on warring Hamas and Fatah to recommit to an accord the kingdom sponsored this year to pave the way for a unity government that collapsed last week when Hamas fighters seized control of Gaza. Pirates seized a Liberian-owned bulk carrier with 21 Filipino crew in the Gulf of Aden early Tuesday, the European Union's naval force in the region said in a statement. In this small college town just south of the Canada border, atop a forested rise known as Sehome Hill, joggers lope past the towering Douglas firs while students stroll to classes through the fern-filled understory. But unbeknownst to nearly all who pass through these woods, a foreign invader is Eight people were killed and six others injured when a plane with the airline West Caribbean crashed on takeoff Saturday from the Colombian Caribbean island of Providencia, authorities said. In the emerald waters separating India and Sri Lanka lies a long chain of sand-capped rocky formations. Devout Hindus believe the god Ram built the shoals before a battle with a demon king. Fishermen along India's coast believe the shoals saved them from a tsunami three years ago. And America's next Olympic host thinks U.S. bids for future games face an uphill fight because of burgeoning government backing of overseas rivals. The Australian dollar failed to claw its way back to above 52 U.S. cents Monday after being dragged below the figure on Friday night by a falling euro.
t8561 Police launched a search Monday for a leader of the anti-Arab Kach group who violated his house arrest, a military source said. Tiger Woods will no longer be the primary pitchman for Buick because General Motors wants a broader role for the golf great, the automaker's top sales executive said. Tornadoes tore through the southern US state of Mississippi Saturday, killing at least 10 people, injuring nearly two dozen and destroying homes, officials said. ``Is you is, or is you ain't my baby?'' That's me belting out a number with Ray McKinley and the Glenn Miller band. US Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick will unveil during a donors conference next week in Oslo a significant US financial contribution in support of Sudan's peace accord ending a 21-year civil war, a spokesman said Friday. A federal judge Wednesday granted a request by federal prosecutors to postpone for six weeks the sentencing on fraud charges of seven people involved in the Newsday circulation scandal. Supporters of U.S. fugitive Ira Einhorn joined him at home in this small French village Wednesday, chatting and sipping wine from plastic cups at a party he has called a ``Last Supper'' before his likely extradition from France. The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has added 61 natural and historical sites to its World Heritage list, including Qingcheng Mountain, located in Sichuan Province, China.
t2726 President Bill Clinton has signed a confidential order that sets priorities for US intelligence in its efforts to counter threats posed by the post-Cold War era, the White House said Friday. France's new justice minister, Rachida Dati, Wednesday announced a proposal to get tough on multiple offenders, including minors, and cut the country's soaring crime rate. China said Thursday it had raised the minimum down payment for second home purchases, as authorities step up efforts to rein in house prices amid fears the red-hot property market is overheating. For a moment, a miniature sun lights up inside the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, a small campus of anonymous white buildings three miles northeast of Princeton University in New Jersey. You won't hear politicians saying it, but Britons could see taxes raised following their country's looming general election, owing to concerns over the country's public finances, economists warned. Less than six months before Iowa voters open the 2008 presidential nomination battles, the Democratic contest in the Hawkeye State is a deadlock, with Hillary Rodham Clinton, Barack Obama and John Edwards in a virtual tie for first place, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll. The government introduced legislation to outlaw opinion polls in the week before elections and referendums, a move that journalists and a handful of politicians condemned as censorship. According to figures released by an international seminar held in Haikou Thursday, a total of 1,689 private enterprise groups have been set up. Each enterprise has a registered capital of 681, 800 yuan on average.
t1808 At least 10 Kurdish fighters have been killed and 30 other people injured in clashes between the opposition and the army of President Saddam Hussein, Kurdish officials said Wednesday. The Kurdish guerrilla group PKK said Tuesday it would no longer stage attacks on Turkish targets but would continue to defend itself when attacked, a Belgium-based Kurdish news agency reported. Denmark will reduce its troop numbers in Afghanistan in 2011 as part of its new disengagement strategy, the Danish foreign minister said Wednesday. Robby Gordon, Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Kevin Harvick -- were fined big bucks and Gordon and Harvick were put on double-secret probation for post-race incidents two weeks ago at the tight-quartered, half-mile track in Bristol, Tenn. Australian share prices closed 0.39 percent higher Friday, continuing further into record territory on the back of solid support for heavyweight resource stocks, dealers said. To paraphrase Lumiere the Candlestick, there's still time to be their guest -- but hurry. Disney's ``Beauty and the Beast'' closes next weekend after 5,464 regular performances. When the final curtain falls, ``Beauty'' will be the sixth-longest-running musical in Broadway history. OPEC's decision not to increase oil output beyond current levels offered little to cheer consumers, but some energy analysts suggested that motorists and buyers of home heating oil might still benefit if Iraq moves quickly to resume its crude exports. China has decided to reform its water pricing system this year to tackle worsening water shortages and waste, one of the biggest problems facing the economy.
t6222 The former Yugoslav republic of Macedonia said Monday it would not hold direct talks with Greece until Athens lifted a trade embargo it has imposed. A Hmong American suspected of having links to the leader of a U.S.-based plot to overthrow the government of Laos has been arrested in Thailand near the Lao border, police said Tuesday. Poland's top soldier was laid to rest Wednesday, more than a week after he died in an air crash in Russia along with president Lech Kaczynski and scores of senior political and military officials. ``Church organs might have chimes,'' allowed Bernie Anderson, settling down excitedly in front of the versatile Wurlitzer, ``but I've got xylophone and glockenspiel.'' The death toll in an outbreak of the Ebola-like Marburg virus in Angola rose Friday to 115, official sources said. President Bush tried to turn a corner in the fractious debate over Iraq Thursday night by ordering the first limited troop withdrawals since voters elected an antiwar Congress last year. But the move did little to appease Democratic leaders, who dismissed it as a token gesture masking an open-ended Corn prices plunged Friday on the Chicago Board of Trade after new forecasts called for milder weather in the Midwest next week. Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan praised President Jiang Zemin's visit to Cambodia, Laos and Brunei and his participation in the eighth informal meeting of leaders of the Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) on Friday.
t5578 A delegation of Angolan Roman Catholic bishops due to meet rebel UNITA leader Jonas Savimbi Saturday for talks on the country's troubled peace process will now not arrive until Monday, an informed source said here. Saudi authorities on Monday beheaded a Sudanese citizen convicted of beating to death another Sudanese national, the Interior Ministry said in a statement. The United States Tuesday issued a fresh rebuke to Sudan's election body, saying it regreted "irregularities" and "inadequacies" in the country's first multi- party poll in 24 years. There were about 1,800 airplane crashes in the United States last year, and chances are you can remember only the four that took place on Sept. 11. An arson attack on a synagogue here 10 days ago was the work of a grudge-bearing certified pyromaniac rather than an anti-Semitic attack, prosecutors Bruno Balestra and Rosa Item said here on Thursday. Geri Cecil loved Randolph-Macon Woman's College from the moment she met people on the Lynchburg, Va., campus, and every year after she graduated in 1968 she gave the school money. She believed in its system of education, made lifelong friends, even served on the board of trustees for several A 15-year ban that has kept Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan out of Britain is unfair and violates the fiery orator's rights, his lawyer argued Thursday. Honduras whitewashed St. Vincent and the Grenadines 7-0 Tuesday in their last match in the preliminary qualifying round for the 2002 World Cup in Kingstown, St. Vincent.
t6388 South Korea Tuesday ordered an emergency stockpiling of antidotes at subway stations and issued a set of recomendations to minimize the harm from chemical agents in the aftermath of the Tokyo gas terror. Supermarket chain owner Royal Ahold NV said Tuesday its shareholders approved the sale of its U.S. Foodservice bulk food distributor to private investors for US$7.1 billion (US$9.5 billion). The new US ambassador to Nepal on Wednesday urged political leaders to show restraint, saying street protests were no substitute for dialogue at a critical stage in the peace process. Without explanation, the nine judges on the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals refused to consider the men's appeal, which was filed by a national gay rights group called Lambda Legal. Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian and hundreds of thousands of Taiwanese took to the streets Saturday, waving banners and shouting slogans for peace and democracy to protest a new Chinese law threatening the island. With 40 percent of the ballots counted, the New Democracy party of Prime Minister Costa Karamanlis was ahead with 43.7 percent , while the leading opposition Panhellenic Socialist Movement, or PASOK, had 38.5 percent . Space shuttle Atlantis closed in on the international space station Friday for a late-night linkup, carrying a new $164 million passageway for spacewalkers. Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh met here on Sunday with Vice Chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference Yang Rudai.
t6599 Estonia's new parliament Tuesday elected Toomas Savi as its speaker Tuesday, as premier Andres Tarand's government resigned after its loss in general elections, ITAR-TASS said Tuesday. A California man who lost his walled more than 40 years ago finally got it back when construction workers renovating a movie theater discovered the billfold Friday jammed between the metal casings of a radiator. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev visits Ukraine Wednesday for the first time since President Viktor Yanukovych took power, hoping to boost improving ties by ending a dispute on gas prices. ATLANTA - The second big week of first quarter earnings reports got off to a bad start Monday with dismal news from a pair of high-profile telecom companies. Reporters Without Borders is to send a fact-finding team to the Philippines next month to investigate the deaths of journalists, the global press freedom watchdog said Sunday. Now, facing rising costs, more competition from copycats and the prospect of slower domestic growth, the nation's largest low-cost carrier is planning to make its boldest move ever: Next year, Southwest will begin providing connecting domestic flights to passengers arriving in the United States on international airlines. Gunmen shot and killed an off-duty policeman, hours after a bomb killed a politician in separate attacks in northern Spain on Saturday, blamed on the armed Basque separatist group ETA. Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo on Monday reaffirmed his government's commitment to the on-going privatization program, saying the exercise would afford the nation the essential requirements for sustainable development.
t6450 The United States has switched tack to back former Italian Trade Minister Renato Ruggiero who is now set to become the head of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), diplomats here said on Tuesday. Train workers in Italy are to stage a 24-hour strike starting Thursday evening, and railway company Trenitalia warned the protest could cause delays and cancellations. Most Finnish airports, including the main one in Helsinki, were reopened temporarily Wednesday thanks to a break in the volcanic ash cloud that has upset air travel for days, airport operator Finavia said. This tiny coral atoll is a scant 15-square-mile ring of rock, sand and vegetation around a giant blue-green lagoon. It is almost 2,000 miles from Kiribati's capital and more than 3,800 miles from the nearest continent, putting it close to the center of the Pacific. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has added fuel to the debate over the future of Jewish settlements in the West Bank, saying in an interview published Saturday that the details of Israel's peace plan obligations to a "settlement freeze" are still being studied. I am writing this column on a Toshiba laptop powered by a fuel cell produced by SFG Fuel Cell -- a small Munich, Germany, company specializing in direct methanol fuel cell technology. A Chinese court convicted an American business professor on Saturday of spying and ordered him expelled from China, the official Xinhua News Agency reported. According to the official, the richest villager is Wulayi, who has a family property totaling 1 million yuan (about 120,400 US dollars).
t6441 A leading Indonesian company said Tuesday it was changing the English names on six major projects following official condemnation of the growing intrusion of English. Barack Obama was looking to the past and Bill Richardson to the future, but both U.S. Democratic presidential candidates were trying to build support among anti-war activists Tuesday and set themselves apart in a field full of Iraq war opponents. Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse, who cemented his grip on power Wednesday, is set to clash with his arch-rival former army chief Sarath Fonseka when the new parliament opens this week. LOS ANGELES - Taking advantage of the long break between first-round playoff games, the Portland Trail Blazers flew home Sunday night. Once described as a jewel in Africa, Zimbabwe's economy has undergone a meltdown over the past five years, with the agriculture sector reeling from the seizure of white-owned farms and droughts, economists say. Dr. George Tiller , who draws patients from across the country to his Wichita clinic, faces trial in October on 19 misdemeanor counts. The charges -- which he vigorously disputes -- accuse him of aborting viable fetuses without consulting an independent physician, as required by state law. Jason Giambi went 4-for-5 with a solo homer and a two-run single as the Oakland Athletics overcame Shawn Green's grand slam to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 11-7 Friday night for their fifth straight victory. Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi said here Monday that there would be greater understanding and harmony between East Africa and the Horn of Africa, allowing the attainment of greater economic gains.
t2322 Paraguayan President Juan Carlos Vasmosy is expected for a three-day official visit to Hungary from March 15, MTI news agency said Thursday. The sons of England's Princess Diana said in a television interview that they still think about their mother's death all the time. Britain's party leaders clashed verbally Thursday in a first-ever live pre- election television debate, ahead of knife-edge polls next month. In 1994, Carl Levin traveled to Connecticut for a public hearing of the obscure but powerful Financial Accounting Standards Board. His message to the board members: Don't back down on your proposal to force companies to record stock options as an expense. Ukraine has sold nuclear-capable cruise missiles to both China and Irsince these reports have come out, has said it's launching an internal investigation," he said. The notion that Charlie Chaplin is putting on a show as he snoozes on the Hemingway House veranda -- well, that's enough to make a cat laugh. The European Commission Thursday told Italy's state rail company Ferrovie dello Stato that it must give its rivals access to the Italian railway market or risk fines under EU competition laws. Vietnam will resume its schedule of direct flights from Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City of the country to the South Korea's capital of Seoul on Tuesday, Vietnam's official news agency VNA reported Tuesday .
t8189 A UN convoy on Sunday evacuated 1,000 Kurdish refugees from the northern Iraqi town of Zakho, which the Turkish army has held since it launched a drive against Kurdish separatists last week. The Bush administration is nearing a decision to close the Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, detention facility and move terror suspects from there to military prisons on U.S. soil, The Associated Press has learned. A South Korean climber who is seeking to become the first woman to scale the world's 14 highest peaks has put off her summit attempt of Annapurna until next week, according to a report on Saturday. The following are excerpts from remarks by President . Bush Sunday on an agreement in the Ramallah standoff, as recorded by The New York Times. The requiem mass for Pope John Paul II ended Friday at 12:30 pm (1030 GMT), drawing lengthy applause from the huge throng of mourners and state leaders massed on Saint Peter's Square. First came the peach schnapps, an offering to them sprinkled into the grass from a wooden bowl. Then, James Forbes Jr. made a more vocal appeal. A German court sentenced an American disc jockey to 10 years in prison for rape and infecting at least four women with the AIDS virus. New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark Tuesday was quoted as saying her government still hopes to ratify the Kyoto Protocol despite the failure of the World Conference on Climate Change to find a deal to stop global warming.
t5073 Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze has asked the United Nations to set up an international war crimes tribunal on the atrocities committed in Abkhazia, according to documents released Thursday. The first giant manta ray to be born in captivity has arrived at a southern Japanese aquarium, the facility claimed Sunday. EU transport ministers will Monday discuss recent test flights through the ash cloud severely disrupting air travel, their Spanish colleague said amid pressure to ease airspace restrictions. With a national referendum to extend his presidency less than two weeks away, General Pervez Musharraf Tuesday night did not rule out extending his rule if Pakistani voters reject him. Florida Governor Jeb Bush said Wednesday Terri Schiavo is probably in a "state of minimal consciousness" and not in a persistent vegetative state as doctors have said. For the first time in three and a half years, Russia on Friday allowed visiting American officials to look inside the world's largest fortified warehouse for nuclear materials, a graveyard for plutonium that Russia has tried to keep closed. The Tennessee Regulatory Authority has ordered BellSouth Corp. to pay rival telephone company WorldCom $10 million by Friday for calls the telephone giant's customers made to Internet service providers served by WorldCom. Cypriot Foreign Minister Ioannis Kasoulides stressed Tuesday that the Greek Cypriot side will not accept the notion of rotating presidency to be part of a comprehensive settlement to the Cyprus issue.
t7176 An Italian national was sentenced on Wednesday to 10 strokes and two years in prison for drug trafficking in this western city, a court source said Thursday. A U.N.-backed court trying those accused of bearing greatest responsibility for the brutality of Sierra Leone's civil war issued its first verdicts Wednesday, convicting three former leaders of a junta that had terrorized the country during a brief reign. Two rockets fell near Israel's Red Sea city of Eilat Thursday causing no injuries, Channel 10 television reported, saying it was unclear whether they were fired from Jordan or Egypt. TOO SOON: Blame it on Britney's bare belly. Preteen girls are going for sex appeal, donning halter tops and hip-hugger pants years before there's anything to halter or any hips to hug. Widnes goalkicking stand-off Stephen Myler is set to return for his first match of the season in Tuesday's Super League derby against Warrington at the Halliwell Jones Stadium. John Edwards laid out a detailed plan to fight both a national and international problem: the spread of HIV/AIDS. In a health-care event in Washington, the candidate called for increased funding to provide medicine to people around the world who have the disease, as well as targeted programs in Demonstrators demanding an end to abortions marched through downtown Monday, reading Bible verses over a loudspeaker mounted on a truck. The Arab countries have offered 653 million U.S. dollars for the two funds aimed to finance the Palestinian intifada (uprising) against Israel, Egypt's official Middle East News Agency reported on Thursday.
t2557 Eleven people were killed and 24 injured when a powerful car bomb exploded at a Karachi mosque during Friday prayers, climaxing a week of bloodshed in Pakistan's commercial capital, police said. Former media tycoon Leo Kirch has filed a suit against Deutsche Bank AG and its former CEO seeking euro1.2 billion (US$1.6 billion) in damages over comments about the creditworthiness of his now-defunct media group. Air connections between some major US cities and Britain were cancelled Thursday after a volcano in Iceland spewed huge clouds of ash into the skies above northern Europe. John Bryan stood at the console of his fishing boat here one day last week and searched in all directions across Lake Bridgeport's rippling surface, straining to see the white puffs of feathers that have become signals of explosive hybrid striped bass activity. Zimbabwe police on Saturday held more than 30 members of Zimbabwe's umbrella labour union following a demonstration in the capital against the union's top leadership. Michelangelo Antonioni, the Italian film director who depicted the emotional alienation of Italy's postwar generation in films such as ``L'Avventura'' and ``La Notte'' but achieved his greatest popular success with ``Blowup,'' an enigmatic tale set in ``swinging'' London of the 1960s, has died. He was 94. A federal judge has denied class-action status to Nevada casino dealers and others who wanted tobacco companies to pay for medical exams to detect smoking-related illnesses. The Shenzhen Composite Index closed at 609.49 points today, up 4.48 points or 0.74 percent, compared with the last close.
t5934 Loren Roberts carded a one-under-par 71 here Sunday to win the Nestle Invitational golf tournament for the second year in a row. A view of the River Thames painted by Claude Monet sold for almost 18 million pounds (US$36 million; euro27 million) at auction Monday, kicking off a week of big-budget sales on the London art market. German central bank governor Axel Weber has said Greece may need up to 80 billion euros (108 billion dollars) in financial aid to avoid default, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday. Much colder air will sweep into the Northeast behind a strong front pushing off the Atlantic coast. Day temperatures will be more than 20 degrees lower than on Friday in many areas. Clouds will blanket much of the Northeast while showers and isolated thunderstorms are due in parts of Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo will go "at the end of next week" to South Africa for talks aimed at relaunching the peace process in the divided west African nation, national radio announced on Friday. When we met Arnold Schwarzenegger the movie star in Los Angeles in the fall of 2002, the three of us were among the dozens gathered to toast the swearing-in of Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton at a backyard celebration. Since his 2003 election to office, Arnold Schwarzenegger the Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman says an overhaul of federal farm programs proposed in the House is an important beginning toward improving farm policies and promised to offer her own ideas soon. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said he wants actions, not words in his first response Friday afternoon to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's order to Palestinian militia to stop firing at Israeli targets.
t1180 Suspected Mafia hitmen gunned down four people in Sicily Monday, shooting dead the nephew of a mafia informer hours after they had murdered three people in the eastern port of Catania, police said. The U.S. Supreme Court strengthened a landmark anti-pollution program Monday, enabling companies to recover costs when they voluntarily clean up hazardous material. Saudi Arabia's highest religious authority issued a fatwa (edict) denouncing all acts of terrorism and criminalising its financing, Asharq al-Awsat daily reported on Tuesday. New discoveries of diseased wildlife in Colorado, Wisconsin and Nebraska are raising fears throughout the middle of the country that a problem once thought to be relatively isolated may be far more widespread. A truce with Israel is not being discussed at the Cairo talks between the leaders of Palestinian militant groups, the Damascus-based leader of the radical Islamist movement Hamas said Thursday. One of the marvelous stories in the documentary ``Respect Yourself: The Stax Records Story'' on PBS's ``Great Performances'' Aug. 1 is the arrival of Otis Redding to the famed Memphis, Tenn., studios. A year to the day after his stunning election victory, President Vicente Fox surprised Mexico again Monday by marrying his spokeswoman and longtime love. The 6-foot-5 president capped the ceremony by bowing down to timidly kiss his 5-foot-2 bride. A key member of the Philippine government has asked the public anew to remain sober and not fall for the emotional calls of some groups for President Joseph Estrada to step down, Philippine News Agency reported Wednesday.
t4677 Indian industry has expressed disappointment at the government's failure to prune corporate taxes in a federal budget boosting spending on public welfare and subsidies. A North Korean family of four arrived in South Korea on Saturday after leaving Japan, where they landed two weeks ago after a daring boat voyage from the communist country. US computer giant IBM said Monday its first-quarter net profit grew 13 percent to 2.6 billion dollars on revenue which rose by five percent to 22.9 billion dollars. In the bad old days, when the Roman Catholic Church in Poland was under constant assault from the Communist regime, the faithful viewed the struggle as a badge of honor and proof of their virtue. Today the church is finding its honor and virtue challenged as never before. Chinese President Hu Jintao Wednesday urged Pyongyang to play a constructive role in talks on a nuclear-free Korean peninsula, saying dialogue was the best option to resolve the stalemate. Judge J. Michael Luttig stopped him. "Those accusations don't get you very far," the judge told him. "Unless you're prepared to boldly say the United States is a battlefield in the war on terror." Sheri Sam tied her own franchise record with 26 points, and Sandy Brondello hit a jumper with 1.1 seconds left in overtime as the Miami Sol beat the Orlando Miracle 65-63 Tuesday night. Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Sunday granted pardon or commutation of sentence to 932 prisoners, the Islamic Republic News Agency reported.
t5060 A top Pentagon official argued Thursday for continued funding of a US defense program helping with Cambodia's mine-clearing effort, saying it was a low-cost way to win friends and gain influence. The Iraqi capital sprung to life Sunday after a four-day curfew to thwart violence after a provocative attack on a Shiite shrine to the north, as a top American general acknowledged that security forces have full control in only 40 percent of the city. Low clouds and rain has prompted NASA to delay the return of the shuttle Discovery to Earth, US space officials said Monday. _The Hotel Gorham, touted as New York's anti-boutique, boutique hotel, offers a ``Date Night'' package. ``Anyone who has ever dated knows there is an awkward period at the beginning of the relationship when the couple is not ready to sleep together but may need to overnight in a hotel,'' A state governor announced Wednesday that officials are examining charges that some 50 Venezuelan national guard soldiers crossed the border into Colombia chasing gasoline smugglers. What? You want us pundits to stop complaining about what a mess the Bush administration has made in Iraq, and say something constructive for a change? When the defendants in the Olympic vote-buying case go on trial, they won't dispute the key government charge that they spent $1 million influencing IOC members to award Salt Lake next February's Winter Games. Romania received 4.05 million foreign tourists in the first nine months of this year, or 1.8 percent higher than a year before.
t9117 Japanese Finance Minister Masayoshi Takemura welcomed Wednesday the planned merger of the Bank of Tokyo Ltd. and Mitsubishi Bank Ltd. to form the world's biggest private bank. Former President Kurt Waldheim was buried Saturday in the presence of Austrian dignitaries who declared he was unjustly smeared by allegations that he was linked to the Nazis. India should scrap its outdated and confusing laws on gambling, experts and commentators said, after claims of illegal betting during the country's multi- billion-dollar Twenty20 cricket tournament. On the eve of the Nets' most significant game in 18 years, Jason Kidd stood up during Wednesday's film session and challenged his teammates to be aggressive and seize the future. Representatives from the Indonesian government and Aceh separatists expressed cautious optimism ahead of a third round of peace talks in Helsinki next week aimed at ending a drawn-out conflict that so far has killed more than 12,000 people. "After the third person told me about him I thought I'd better pay attention," says Affleck. "All the books really tap into what makes Boston so different from the rest of America, but this story ("Gone Baby Gone") affected me the most. I was really moved by the way Bridgestone/Firestone Inc. will not issue a broader recall of Firestone tires, saying Thursday the federal government has failed to show that other tires made by the company pose a danger to motorists. The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) will send a customs delegation to Baku, Azerbaijan, to attend the 44th Session of the Policy Commission of the World Customs Organization (WCO) to be held from December 5 to 8, the Hong Kong government announced Sunday.
t7362 Clocks go forward by one hour throughout the European Union early on Sunday as the 15 nations switch from winter to summer time. Russia immediately rejected a revised U.N. resolution introduced Wednesday that would delay internationally supervised independence for Kosovo to give the province's majority ethnic Albanians and minority Serbs more time to agree on its future status. Niger's consultative council said Friday it had proposed a calendar for the transition from military rule, with the first round of a presidential election on December 26. Legislators from a pro-Kremlin political party have called on Russians to unite behind the Orthodox Church to protest what they say is the expansion of the Vatican's influence here, adding fuel to an outburst of anti-Catholic sentiment that has swept across Russia. The magnitude of a huge earthquake that struck of the coast of Indonesia on Monday has been upgraded to 8.7 from a preliminary reading of 8.2, the US Geological Survey said. In a few days, I'll celebrate my 10th wedding anniversary. That is ridiculous. None of my present-day situation was foreshadowed in my earliest efforts at the love game. Technology stocks resumed their slide Monday as investors, cautious while they awaited this week's flood of earnings reports, collected profits from last week's rally. Ukrainian customs officials have confiscated more than two tons of marijuana at the southern Ukrainian port of Ilich, which is believed to be the largest amount of drugs uncovered in the past two years.
t7087 Hill's Scottish partner David Coulthard, though, with only eight Grands Prix behind him, aims for at least one victory this year and is not intimidated by the fact he has never raced at Interlagos before. Libya's highest court said Wednesday it would rule on July 11 in the appeal of five Bulgarian nurses and a Palestinian doctor trying to overturn their conviction and death sentences on charges of infecting about 400 Libyan children with the AIDS virus. The Flemish liberals, a key part of Belgium's ruling coalition, announced Thursday they were quitting the government over a row between the Dutch-speaking and francophone communities. Q: I mailed you a request in September for the words to the song ``Beer Barrel Polka.'' To date I have not seen the answer in the paper. Is there a charge for your work, or have you not found the answer? Please advise why you do not answer Robert Hayes and Mark Cavendish won the men's madison on the final day of the world track cycling championships here on Sunday for Britain's table-topping fourth gold medal. Latinos came home from World War II to a different struggle. A Medal of Honor for bravery didn't guarantee service in certain restaurants. A soldier's body in a coffin and an American flag for his widow didn't merit admission to some funeral homes. Marred by tragedy four years ago, a scaled-down version of the Maccabiah Games open amid tight security in a region torn by months of violence. Despite high unemployment rates, 78 percent of Chileans are satisfied with their lives, according to poll results published on Tuesday.
t9231 The Indian parliament adjourned without conducting any business for a second day Wednesday as opposition deputies stepped up protests against the imposition of federal rule in the eastern Indian state of Bihar. A wave of bombings in Colombia's most violent city wounded 23 people late Friday, and marines defused another two bombs Saturday. Authorities blamed the bombings on rebels seeking revenge for the killing of a regional guerrilla commander. Adelaide United and Suwon Bluewings both earned crucial home advantage for the knockout round of the AFC Champions League on Tuesday as the group phase wound down. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, MAY 2, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Everton recorded an emphatic 4-0 win over struggling Crystal Palace at Goodison Park on Sunday, capped by a goal for James Vaughan that wrote the 16-year-old into the record books as the Premiership's youngest goalscorer. In an election year -- especially a presidential election year -- most of us can expect an avalanche of TV advertising. But in 2008, the candidates might be competing for air time with the very broadcasters who carry their ads. Social Security cannot meet its promise to future retirees without reducing benefits, increasing taxes, or massive government borrowing, a presidential commission said in a preliminary report Thursday. On the issue of reunification of the country, Jiang said that to solve the issue of Taiwan and realize the complete reunification of the motherland is the trend of the times and the desire of the Chinese people.
t4878 The Frankfurt stock market dropped on Thursday after the Bundesbank announced that it was leaving its key interest rates unchanged. Wham-O Inc. changed the name of the Pluto Platter to Frisbee 50 years ago Sunday, flinging a new word into American culture that still conjures images of carefree fun in the park and breezy days at the beach. Prime Minister Gordon Brown sent in the navy Monday to rescue British passengers stranded by the volcanic ash cloud, as the crisis added an unexpected twist to campaigning for May 6 elections. Everybody knows Orlando, Fla., is the home of Disney World, Universal Orlando and other theme parks, but it is also one of the nation's biggest convention destinations. So it is hardly surprising that more than a quarter of the nine million business travelers who arrive every year bring along The Polish unemployment rate was 19.4 percent in February from 19.5 percent in January, data from the national statistics office GUS showed on Wednesday. More than half the city remains in disrepair. The Lower Ninth Ward and the Gentilly neighborhood, both centers of poverty, remain extremely flood-prone. With tourism at 70 percent of pre-storm levels, the heart of the New Orleans economy had not fully rebounded. Police say it is too early to determine whether their search of Rep. Gary Condit's apartment Wednesday will help solve the disappearance of a former Washington intern who has been missing for 10 weeks. BERLIN, November 13 (Xinhua) -- The following are the main reference exchange rates of the European Central Bank on Monday.
t4893 Bulgaria's nuclear authority shut down one of the main reactors at its Kozlodui nuclear power plant after discovering a generator was leaking hydrogen gas, it announced Thursday. A North Carolina prosecutor broke several rules of professional conduct during his disastrous prosecution of three white Duke University lacrosse players falsely acussed of raping a black stripper, a disciplinary committee ruled Saturday. India's largest software exporter Tata Consultancy Services reported Monday a stronger-than-expected 47 percent jump in quarterly profit from a year earlier thanks to strong outsourcing demand. A federal judge in Brooklyn on Monday approved the prosecution's request to combine civil rights and perjury charges at the trial of a former police officer, Charles Schwarz, in the torture of Abner Louima in 1997. The German flag carrier Lufthansa came under scrutiny from rating agencies Standard and Poor's and Moody's on Wednesday for a possible downgrade following its takeover of Swiss International Air Lines. Sen. Larry Craig went on vacation with his wife Wednesday, according to aides, as calls for his resignation intensified, Republican leaders stripped him of his committee assignments, and support in his home state appeared to be eroding. Wisteria, one of the most beautiful plants on earth, can last for 50 years and more. It can also, and has a reputation for doing so, drive you and your heirs nuts. Xiong Guangkai, deputy chief of general staff of the PLA, and Valeri Manilov, first deputy chief of general staff of the Russian armed forces, co-chaired the meeting.
t9566 Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin flew to Bonn for an unscheduled round of talks with Chancellor Helmut Kohl following reports of covert contacts here between Israel and Iran on the fate of a missing Israeli airman, a spokesman said Thursday. Four Spanish U.N. peacekeepers were killed Sunday and four others wounded in an explosion targeting U.N. troops in southern Lebanon, a senior Lebanese security official said. Risk-averse investors in Asia mostly shrugged off upbeat earnings reports and stronger-than-expected growth in South Korea's economy to take profits Tuesday after the previous day's strong gains. More gamin than advertised, Billy Crudup no sooner pops up _ unassuming and unrecognized in his leather jacket and boot camp haircut _ from the Eighth Avenue subway than he veers into the catacombs beneath the Royale Theater. There, polite as a Shubert Alley tour guide, he picks the Beijing has the responsibility to protect Japanese nationals in China and the weekend demonstrations were "extremely regrettable," Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Monday in his first reaction. Turkey, stung by a Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) raid over the weekend that left at least 12 infantrymen dead, has begun sending troops to the border with the Iraq's Kurdish autonomous region to prepare for a possible strike. Many people fear such a move could destabilize the sole region Stock prices fell Friday on a profit warning from Microsoft, which heightened investors' fears that an economic turnaround won't happen soon. The euro was traded at a price of 1 to 0.8930 against the U.S. dollar Monday on the European currency market, hitting a peak in its two-month rebound.
t7513 As Europe casts an increasingly critical eye on Turkey's offensive into Iraq against Kurdish rebels, the United States is determined to hold on to a key ally in the region and is holding its tongue. Vetoing a stem cell bill for the second time, President George W. Bush sought to placate those who disagree with him by signing an executive order urging scientists toward what he termed "ethically responsible" research in the field. A 5.9-magnitude earthquake shook homes and set car alarms shrieking in Central Chile early Friday, recalling a powerful and deadly temblor in February, officials and witnesses said. The swagger is no longer part of his repertoire. Neither is the trademark stare at his latest strikeout victim as he walks off the mound. Japanese share prices fell 0.61 percent Tuesday morning after data showed that the jobless rate rose unexpectedly and household spending remained sluggish in February, dealers said. A steamy new NBC soap opera, "Coastal Dreams," is coming soon to a small screen near you. But not the TV -- the PC. A week before the latest phase of the Burundi peace process, a rebel leader warned that attacks would continue until direct talks between the rebels, the government and the army. Nepal's central bank has worked out a reform program to speed up the reformation of the 121 financial institutions in Nepal that are mired in managerial problems, according to the bank's statement issued on Friday.
t8919 The Frankfurt stock market came a cropper on Tuesday as the DAX index plummeted to 1,910.96 points at the close, down 1.85 percent from the Monday close of 1,946.90 points. Results from Friday's qualifying for the Champ Car Grand Prix of Cleveland with driver, country, time and provisional pole winner's average speed on the 3.39-kilometer (2.106-mile) temporary road course at the Burke Lakefront Airport (all cars have Panoz DP01 chassis with Cosworth engines): Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court, was on Monday declared winner in the country's first multi-party presidential election in over two decades. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Masters leader Chris DiMarco refused to be scared by a charging Tiger Woods in the third round of the Masters here on Saturday. President Bush has found himself in a morally and politically ambiguous position on what may be one of the most vexing questions that can face an occupant of the White House: When does carnage rise to the level of "genocide"? The European Central Bank left its key interest rate unchanged Thursday, holding a hard line against inflation and stubbornly resisting calls to cut rates _ despite mounting worries that the European economy is slipping closer to recession. Italian Prime Minister Giuliano Amato and visiting French President Jacques Chirac sounded upbeat here Friday about next week's European Union summit in Nice.
t8496 Japanese investigators on Monday deepened their search of a commune run by a religious sect, discovering high-tech equipment in a suspected nerve-gas plant and what could be burial sites, a police official and press reports said. U.S. film star George Clooney has joined a protest to stop construction of parking lots and a promenade in the northern Italian lakeside town where he owns a villa because he fears his presence is turning the quiet town into a tourist attraction. A suicide bomb attack in southern Afghanistan Sunday killed three people, shattering a period of calm in a region near the hub of military operations against Taliban insurgents. Benson, who rushed for 1,053 yards and 12 touchdowns during the 2001 season, was charged with possession of marijuana under 2 ounces, as well as possession of drug paraphernalia and being a minor in possession of alcohol after police entered a Midland apartment about 2 a.m. Saturday. Tina Jauz, Former skipper Brian Lara was marching towards a record 27th Test hundred when a sharp afternoon shower prompted an early tea with to West Indies 140 for three on the opening day of the second Test against South Africa on Friday. The political tide has shifted against trade deals, and the Bush administration signaled this week that it is changing in response. A freight train derailment in a downtown tunnel Wednesday sent hazardous smoke billowing into surrounding neighborhoods and forced the postponement of the Baltimore Orioles game against the Texas Rangers. U.S. personal income decreased 0.2 percent in October as compared to September, the first decline in nearly two years, the Commerce Department reported Thursday.
t7113 Police arrested a man driving a car owned by the religious sect Aum Shinrikyo in the western Japan prefecture of Shiga Thursday, a news report said. Electronics retailer Circuit City Stores Inc. said Wednesday it swung to a loss in the fiscal first quarter, as more customers purchased low-margin products such as personal computers. US President Barack Obama warned on Thursday the United States was doomed to repeat its economic crisis if it failed to embrace his proposed financial regulatory reforms. MUST CREDIT THE SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE The Changing Face of Bay Area Cuisine: Booming ethnic communities define an exciting new food scene BY KIM SEVERSON Indian share prices closed 1.05 percent higher Monday in a technical rebound after recent heavy losses took the market off record highs, dealers said. Preying on a weak government and rising public concerns about security, the Taliban is enjoying a military resurgence in Afghanistan and is now staging attacks just outside the capital, according to Western diplomats, private security analysts and aid workers. Vice President Dick Cheney, Cabinet members and a squad of sympathetic lawmakers are scattering across the nation to drum up support for the Bush administration's energy strategy. The White House cautioned against complacency over falling prices. 3. Launching Sites: China has set up three launching sites - in Jiuquan, Xichang and Taiyuan - which have successfully accomplished various kinds of test flights of launching vehicles and launches of a variety of satellites and experimental spacecraft. China's spacecraft launching sites are capable of making both domestic
t6850 Chancellor of the Exchequer Kenneth Clarke and Bank of England governor Eddie George said that their decision to raise British interest rates on February 2 was "a question of market tactics," the minutes of their monthly meeting showed on Wednesday. A Beijing hospital is preparing to treat injuries that might occur if next year's Olympics are hit with a "terrorist nuclear attack," the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Wednesday. The number of Indians living in cities will nearly double to about 600 million by 2030, requiring huge investment to avoid urban "chaos", a report by global consultancy McKinsey warned Thursday. WASHINGTON --Based on information from a top al-Qaida leader now in custody, the FBI warned Tuesday that the terrorist group might strike a shopping mall or ``place where people congregate'' in the United States. US officials in Iraq have voiced reservations over some of the names put forward to lead the defense and interior ministries in the next government, a member of the winning Shiite alliance said Sunday. Under the deal, he cannot work with anti-gang or his youth football programs to fulfill his community service obligation because Orange County prosecutors did not want him to be able to do something he enjoys or to be "glorified in the eyes of children," said Deputy District Attorney Andre A London-based Algerian has been charged by federal prosecutors with being one of the masterminds behind an alleged plot to bomb the Los Angeles airport on the eve of the millennium. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Sun Yuxi answered questions Tuesday evening regarding China's position on the nonproliferation legislation targeted against China tabled by a few U.S. congressmen.
t978 World and Olympic 100m champion Linford Christie was slammed here on Monday after mysteriously withdrawing from the World Indoor Athletics Championships in Barcelona. Red-faced organizers of the Beijing Olympics threatened Monday to cancel the contracts of companies using child labor and violating minimum-wage rules to make Olympic-licensed products. Kyrgyzstan is "on the brink of civil war," Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Tuesday warning the country could be ripped apart by the current political upheaval. Rankings reflect sales for the week ending March 23 at almost 4,000 bookstores, plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide. A double from Newcastle captain Alan Shearer inspired his side to a 4-0 humbling of Greek outfit Olympiakos and handed them a place in the UEFA Cup quarter-finals here on Wednesday with a 7-1 final aggregate score. A Los Angeles court commissioner Wednesday postponed the trial of celebrity Nicole Richie, who was arrested last year on DUI charges after police said she drove the wrong way on the freeway, until next month because an expert defense witness was not available to testify. United Airlines is abandoning its $4.3 billion purchase of US Airways because it is convinced the merger won't win regulatory approval, published reports said. Northwest China's Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region will pour 28 million yuan into a three-year afforestation program aimed at turning the bank areas of the Yellow River green.
t2471 Premier Lien Chan Friday reiterated Taiwan's claim over the Spratly Islands but offered to explore oil in the area in "peaceful cooperation" with other claimants. Sony Corp.'s video game unit said Wednesday it has begun talks with the Church of England over a complaint that a famous cathedral is used in scenes of a violent shooting game for Sony's new PlayStation 3 console. Britain's party leaders made last-minute preparations for a first ever live pre- election television debate on Thursday, ahead of knife-edge May 6 polls. A large repository of anthrax, plague and other deadly bacteria stored in a high-security laboratory complex 100 miles south of here is facing a threat never imagined in the Soviet era _ the meter man. Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh urged the United States on Saturday to reconsider a decision to bar Hindu nationalist leader Narendra Modi, who is accused of complicity in a massacre of Muslims. Pakistan will do what it takes to eliminate extremists operating in the country for its own sake, not because of rising pressure from the United States, according to Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz. Federated Department Stores Inc., dogged by sluggish sales stemming from the weak economy, reduced its second-quarter earnings estimates by more than one-third on Thursday and said earnings for the year also will be below expectations. "Things are going the same way throughout the country," said Zhu Zhixin, deputy head of the leading group of the fifth population census under the State Council.
t1659 An influx of US major league refugees, led by Shane Mack, threatens to speed up an impending financial crisis for Japanese baseball. A secret aircraft that debuted in Vietnam and usually protects U.S. fighter jets has taken on a different and crucial task over Iraq -- trying to stop the scourge of roadside bombs by jamming ground signals from mobile phones and garage door openers. After the pressure-packed atmosphere of the Masters, this week's Verison Heritage at Harbour Town offers US PGA Tour golfers a more relaxed challenge. ``The arrest assists in helping to prevent another attack,'' FBI director Robert Mueller said of the apprehension of Zubaydah, reputed to be the operation's chief for Osama bin Laden. The UN Security Council failed Thursday to take action on Sudan as the United States and other members continued to disagree on where to prosecute criminals from the conflict in the western Darfur region. A sneak peek from ``That Extra Half an Inch,'' Victoria Beckham's style guide published in Britain last year. Plans are under way for a U.S. release. But for now, put up your ``Party Feet'' and listen up. An Algerian convicted of plotting to bomb the Los Angeles airport during the millennium celebrations testified Tuesday at the trial of an alleged accomplice that he targeted the place for its political and economic importance _ and because he had once passed through it. The dispute with the United States over Australian lamb imports had helped farmers by boosting the profile of the local product, Australian Trade Minister Mark Vaile said Friday.
t9806 A French publisher will put 180,000 copies of the Pope's latest encyclical on sale Saturday with a back-page, blood-smeared portrait of John Paul II labelling the pontiff "an assassin." Disney has decided that Mickey, Minnie and Goofy can't conquer the coveted Chinese market alone, and that a little local magic should do the trick. Inter Milan reached the Champions League final on Wednesday, beating Barcelona 3-2 on aggregate in their semi-final despite losing the second leg 1-0 and playing an hour of the game with 10 men. They say Christian Harvey Tate was a family man _ a Christian, as his name implied. They always say good things about a man at his funeral. The 34-member Organization of American States, the main international forum for the Western Hemisphere, met here Monday to elect a new secretary general, with the favored US candidate out of the running. Sen. John McCain's latest campaign ad starts with a swirling, psychedelic pattern of colors and the Doors' "Light My Fire" playing in the background. Jeff Gordon responded to his mini-slump the way any champion would. He won the pole position for the next race. The official was quoted as saying the ministry will fulfill the requisite technical and health norms European countries are demanding from foreign suppliers.
t8696 Second-placed Goup 6 side Eire are at home to neighbours Northern Ireland at Lansdowne Road, recently the scene of the reawakening of English hooliganism abroad. Five journalists and a 10th grade literature teacher have been jailed in Mali for reporting on a high school essay assignment about an imaginary presidential sex scandal. Bombs killed two people Monday in an attack targeting police in the volatile southern Afghan city of Kandahar, as the UN said it had ordered local staff to stay home for their own safety. Before Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor rode the judicial bench, she rode the range on her family's Arizona ranch. An Anglican cleric filed a last-minute objection Saturday to Britain's royal wedding, maintaining that Prince Charles, divorced from the late Princess Diana, could not remarry while heir to the British throne. The move has prompted concerns that Hayden is seeking to rein in an inspector general who has used the office to bring harsh scrutiny upon CIA figures from former Director George J. Tenet to undercover operatives running secret overseas prison sites. Prosecutors charged a U.S. Air Force sergeant on Thursday with raping a Japanese woman last month on Okinawa, Kyodo News service reported. Ethiopian President Negaso Gidada Thursday urged males in the country to play a pivotal role in the fight against the rampant spread of HIV/AIDS pandemic.
t5914 Prime Minister John Major and US President Bill Clinton broke the ice over Northern Ireland Sunday in a telephone conversation on IRA disarmanent and the province's peace process, Major's office said. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice described as "indeed a good step" North Korea's invitation to United Nations nuclear inspectors for talks about the Pyongyang's weapons program. South Korea said Tuesday six-party nuclear disarmament talks on North Korea will not be able to resume if the communist state is found to be involved in the sinking of South Korean warship. When Kimberly Ammons, an accountant in Brighton, Colo., first applied for a home mortgage last year with her husband, Aaron, an electrical engineer, she was surprised to learn that they probably would not qualify for the lowest available interest rate. Kyrgyzstan's new acting head of state, Kurmanbek Bakiyev, said Friday that fresh presidential elections in the Central Asian nation would take place in June. The tour, $2,751 per person, double occupancy, includes three nights at the Intercontinental Hong Kong and three nights at the Intercontinental Bangkok. Also included are breakfasts, afternoon tea, evening cocktails, two massage treatments and two dinners. International air transportation is not included. The trip must be booked by Oct. Scott Schoeneweis scattered four hits over 8 2-3 innings, and Bengie Molina homered for the first time this season as the Anaheim Angels beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4-1 for their fifth straight win Thursday night. With three Westminster by- elections next week and a general election widely expected next spring, Prime Minister Tony Blair Friday called his cabinet together for a brain-storming summit.
t3863 Zimbabwe's ruling ZANU-PF party was Tuesday just four seats short of a majority in parliament even before general elections due next month, with 52 members declared duly elected at the close of nominations. Joe DiMaggio's 1948 Yankee jersey with a black sleeve strip commemorating the death that year of Babe Ruth. A telescope used by the Giants to steal catchers' signs from center field at the Polo Grounds, presumably helping them get to the 1951 World Series. The cap Johnny Podres wore Greek Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou insisted on Saturday that neither the EU nor the IMF has yet demanded new budget cuts or tax hikes this year in exchange for rescue loans. The Securities and Exchange Commission proposed Thursday that corporate officers and directors be forced to disclose almost immediately when they buy or sell company stock or borrow money from their employers. Toyota Motor Corp. president Fujio Cho on Tuesday said the world's second-largest automaker aims to sell one million hybrid vehicles a year. The same forces that formed the Andes Mountains produced the magnitude 8 earthquake that struck Peru's southern desert region Wednesday evening: the collision of two massive tectonic plates along South America's western coast. A man who committed a string of murders as a juvenile was sentenced to death Monday, prompting protests from human rights groups. U.S. consumer credit increased by a seasonally adjusted 6.5 billion U.S. dollars in September, much lower than the revised 12.3 billion dollars in August, the Federal Reserve said Tuesday.
t8816 Spanish industrial output was 13.9 percent higher in January than in January 1994, the INE official statistical institute reported on Tuesday. Struggling auto parts maker Delphi Corp. reached a tentative wage-cutting agreement Friday with its largest union in what may set the pattern for future pay in the U.S. automotive parts industry. Urban farming is a growth industry in New York city's concrete jungle, and with little open land free agriculturalists and beekeepers have taken to the rooftops to pursue their passion. After a marathon debate that ended in the wee hours of Wednesday morning, the Hindu nationalist-led government defeated a motion to criticize it for failing to control Hindu mobs who have killed hundreds of Muslims in the western state of Gujarat over the past two months. Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said Saturday he hoped to narrow differences on a lingering border dispute with India and take to a "new high" ties between the two emerging economic powerhouses. Single parent Donna Johnson, an office manager for a private school near Baltimore, lives on $42,000 a year and counts herself lucky that she doesn't have to work two jobs to afford health insurance for her children. Beset by a Maoist insurgency, a bribery scandal and recriminations over the royal family massacre, Nepal's prime minister resigned Thursday. The Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) Schemes aimed at providing a formal system of retirement protection, officially went into operation in Hong Kong Friday.
t4113 Police using batons and water cannon clashed Tuesday with demostrators protesting sectarian violence that hospital officials say has claimed 23 lives. ITAR-Tass cites an unidentified Russian Foreign Ministry official as saying talks on a plan to transfer money to North Korea via Russia still continue. Dutch airspace will remain closed until at least 2:00 pm (1200 GMT) on Monday due to the volcanic ash cloud over Europe, the Dutch transport inspectorate IVW said. The advertising agency that brought star power to the brokerage category by creating popular commercials featuring actors, athletes, musicians and even a member of the British royal family has been dismissed unexpectedly. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi claimed victory Tuesday in a reform of the EU's long-strained budget pact, but said he was still going to seek some improvements at an EU summit. White House spokesman Tony Snow intends to leave his job before the president's term ends in January 2009. Speaking on Hugh Hewitt's radio show last week, Snow, a Fox News Channel personality who took a serious salary cut to become Bush's press secretary last year, said he needs more A hearing on whether a former Ku Klux Klansman is competent to stand trial in a deadly 1963 church bombing began Monday with a defense expert testifying that the man's memory is so bad he cannot remember questions long enough to answer them. The survey, conducted by U.S. market researcher RKS Research &amp; Consulting, found more than 60 percent of American homes include at least one computer and three-quarters of these homes are connected to the Internet.
t7586 Fiji's failure to qualify for the rugby World Cup has made them hot favourites to extend their record number of wins at the Hong Kong Sevens this weekend. Orson Welles' "Citizen Kane" -- the story of a wealthy young idealist transformed by scandal and vice into a regretful old recluse -- was again rated the best American movie ever by the American Film Institute. Germany's central banker, Axel Weber, Friday warned that the risks of contagion from the Greek debt crisis had increased in recent weeks with many countries running "excessive budget deficits." The Tiffeny Milbrett bobblehead dolls are in storage, but the head-faking, swivel-hipped real thing will not be flitting around the field Saturday night. At least 18 people were wounded in a car bombing on Tuesday in a predominantly Kurdish neighbourhood in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk, police said. A U.N. special envoy flew to Myanmar for discussions with the country's entrenched military government Saturday, seeking to resolve a bloody political uprising that has generated worldwide demands for the generals to halt their repression and make way for democratic reforms. Wells Fargo &amp; Co. recorded a second-quarter loss of $87 million, due in large part to a write-down of its investments. The results fell short of Wall Street's expectations. Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni said on Saturday that one of the biggest achievements that the government has made is to have revived the economy through reforms consistently implemented since 1986 when the National Resistance Movement (NRM) came to power.
t2659 Stock prices surged Friday on a strong report on job creation, sending the Dow Jones industrials to a new all-time record. Prosecutors on Wednesday called for the acquittal of two men being tried over the brutal beating last year of an Ethiopian-born engineer in a German city, citing lack of sufficient evidence. Investigators blamed pilot error Thursday for a crash that killed Poland's president, as harrowing details emerged of how the crew knew they were doomed after hitting trees while trying to land in Russia. It may not make much of a dent in Atlanta's raging traffic congestion or clear much pollution from the air. Most commuters never knew it happened. But when 10 suburban counties agreed to join a regional bus system for the first time a few days ago, it represented a About 500 people marched through the capital of Cape Verde Saturday demanding that the government take action against rising crime in Praia. BAGHDAD, Iraq-- Iraq's largest Sunni political group partially withdrew from the Shiite-dominated government Wednesday, the latest indication of growing Sunni frustration with Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. Houston is among three cities Royal Dutch/Shell Group has chosen for megacenter computer hubs around the world, the Houston Chronicle reported in its online edition Friday. Two Israelis, a man and a woman, were killed and at least nine others were injured when a car bomb went off in downtown Jerusalem Thursday afternoon, police said.
t5234 Alcohol does not feature much in the lives of Chechnya's primarily Moslem population, but that has not stopped the Chechens adapting the bootleggers' art to improvise oil refining in their own backyards. A shadowy group holding a British correspondent for three months threatened on Sunday to kill him, in a video broadcast by the Al-Jazeera satellite TV channel. Czech airspace has reopened for overflights above 7,450 metres (yards) although the country's airports remain closed, air-traffic controllers said on Monday. Many people think of GPS as a convenient means for getting from one place to another without having to ask strangers for directions. Armed with inexpensive receivers no bigger than cell phones, folks who are directionally challenged can tune in to a constellation of 24 Global Positioning System satellites Skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq scored a fluent 55 not out to help Pakistan survive early blows in the third and final Test against India here on Thursday. The best marching bands step together, chins high, drum line pulsing thunder, horns and woodwinds rising, dipping and swinging, a brightly plumed, brass-buttoned team united in music and movement. Police with bomb-sniffing dogs checked stadium grandstands before the Wednesday night opening of the Copa America soccer tournament, nearly suspended because of fears of political violence. The International Conference and Exhibition on Office Automation Technology, the first of its kind in China, is scheduled for November 21 to 23 in Beijing.
t5267 Iraq said Friday it could withstand any US-backed bid to topple the government, in its first mention of a failed coup against President Saddam Hussein. Angola clinched a spot in the African Cup of Nations on Sunday by beating Swaziland 3-0 in a qualifying match. President Asif Ali Zardari, Pakistan's elected but weakened head of state, is a widely reviled politician haunted by corruption allegations who took top office only because his wife was killed. Michael Powell, the Federal Communications Commission chairman, Tuesday rejected charges that he is an ideologically driven deregulator. ``I am absolutely a good middle-of-the-road moderate,'' he said. Hundreds of furious Pakistani investors rioted at the Karachi Stock Exchange on Wednesday after shares plummeted from last week's record highs, officials said. The twin blasts struck at the heart of Pakistan's military establishment in Rawalpindi, which adjoins Islamabad and is home to President Pervez Musharraf as well as other senior government figures. Although there was no claim of responsibility, officials suspect that the morning bombings were linked to the volatile situation During a preseason game, Jackie Stiles sat in the locker room and wept after missing all eight of her shots in a loss to Seattle. Indonesian former president Soeharto, who suffered two strokes over the past three years, went into a deep relapse on Monday, prompting fears of a worsening health condition.
t9265 Israeli troops shot dead a Palestinian whose truck collided with a border police jeep hurting four officers on Wednesday, military radio reported. Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama told a church convention Saturday that some right-wing U.S. evangelical leaders have exploited and politicized religious beliefs in an effort to sow division. The United States and media rights group on Tuesday expressed concern for human rights in Cameroon because of the continuing detention of two journalists and the death in prison of another. Eric Schaeffer says the most important events in the U.S. government are usually not the high-profile committee hearings and press conferences reported on nightly news shows or under newspaper headlines. Reigning champions Wasps kept up the pressure on English Premiership leaders Leicester with a 45-24 victory over London rivals Saracens at the Causeway Stadium on Sunday that left them four points behind the Tigers. California Adventure made its debut six years ago, billed as Disneyland's hipper, younger sibling. The buzz didn't translate into typical Disney-scale crowds. Prosecutors said Thursday they're seeking to try as adults 12 teen-agers accused of beating and kicking a homeless man to death. The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE) Asia Pacific Conference on Circuits and Systems was staged Monday in Tianjin in north China.
t3536 French Economy Minister Edmond Alphandery will meet EU competition commissioner Karel van Miert "shortly" for talks over French government plans to bail out its state-owned bank Credit Lyonnais for the second time in two years. Relatives of the student gunman who killed 32 people on the Virginia Tech campus in the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history turned over his mental health records to a panel investigating the shootings, the panel's chairman said Thursday. Kyrgyzstan's new leaders on Friday moved to tighten their grip on power by arresting top allies of ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev after he was dramatically flown out into apparent exile. Microsoft has quietly shelved a consumer information service that was once planned as the centerpiece of the software giant's foray into the market for tightly linked Web services. Germany's disgraced Ironman Triathlon world champion Nina Kraft has seen her initial two-year ban for using the blood-boosting drug EPO sport reduced to 12 months, the German Triathlon Union (DTU) confirmed on Monday. Former CA Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Sanjay Kumar is scheduled to report to a minimum-security prison in New Jersey on Tuesday to begin serving a 12-year sentence, after fulfilling a summer obligation to sell off possessions to pay $50 million in restitution, his lawyer said Monday. World-renowned conductor Daniel Barenboim first conducted a lively debate with the audience for 30 minutes, punctuated by periodic insults directed at him, and then led the Berlin Staatskapelle in playing the music of Richard Wagner, Hitler's favorite composer. Five people were killed in the weekend traffic accidents as wintry weather began to bite in Canada's western province of Alberta, police said Sunday.
t6376 International sports network ESPN announced Tuesday the launch of a 24-hour channel on Hong Kong's sole subscription television service -- Wharf Cable TV. Nine firefighters died in a blaze that swept through a furniture warehouse in the southern U.S. city of Charleston, a tragedy that the mayor described Tuesday as "difficult to fathom or quantify." Greece's finance minister said on Wednesday the country was "not overawed" by a leap in its borrowing rate above 8.0 percent as Athens began talks on a possible debt rescue by the EU and IMF. He woke up Sunday morning for the first playoff game of his life, and caught himself thinking about it. Honestly? What happened to Paul Pierce Sept. 25, 2000, is often lurking near the surface, threatening to bubble over into even the happiest of occasions. Five people were trampled to death and 40 injured in a crush of spectators after Friday evening's World Cup qualifier between Iran and Japan, and another person died of an apparent heart attack brought on by the nail-biting clash, press reports said Saturday. The men (it's always men) use axes to split the bark in just the right place, tap it loose, and then with their bare hands pull off long, dark strips. Perdigao says his 12-ax team can shave 1,000 trees in a day. Unruly anti-tax protesters who broke statehouse windows and disrupted the legislative session were apparently spurred on by talk radio programs, lawmakers said Friday. Croatian teenager Janica Kostelic led both runs on Saturday to win a women's World Cup slalom at Park City, Utah, host of the 2002 Winter Olympic Games.
t573 Nantes put their midweek European misadventure behind them and made French football history on Saturday when they stretched their unbeaten season to 28 matches after beating Nice 2-1 at home. The prime minister said Sunday his government will take full responsibility for the expulsion of hundreds of ethnic minority Tamils from the Sri Lankan capital, after rights groups and donors warned the move would heighten tensions in the wartorn nation. Cyprus President Demetris Christofias said on Monday that he is not willing to resume UN-brokered peace negotiations from scratch if a hardliner wins Turkish Cypriot elections on Sunday. US forces have quietly begun an intense reconnaissance operation that could presage another major operation here in the mountains of eastern Afghanistan, a top local military leader said, in an area where Osama bin Laden may have been sighted two weeks ago. Indian share prices closed flat Wednesday with the market sidelined ahead of company earnings for the March quarter, dealers said. July 11 is World Population Day, observed by the United Nations to focus attention on the ever-increasing number of people on Earth. The date coincides with the arrival of the planet's 5 billionth inhabitant -- said to be Matej Gaspar, born in 1987 in Zagreb, Yugoslavia (now Croatia). World Canadians like to joke about how little their southern neighbors know about Canada, but a new survey suggests a lack of knowledge also exists north of the border. More than 200 university presidents, and professors from 100 colleges of higher learning across the Taiwan Straits today gathered in Wuhan City in central China's Hubei Province to discuss subjects regarding higher learning education on both sides of the Straits.
t604 Philippine President Fidel Ramos left on Sunday for a 12-day, six- nation official visit to Europe and the Middle East aimed at attracting foreign investment and improving bilateral ties. U.S. President George W. Bush, receiving a hero's welcome as the first American president to visit Albania, said Sunday there cannot be endless dialogue about achieving independence for Serbia's province of Kosovo. The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) indicated Monday that Danish Kaneria would be spared disciplinary action unless and until corruption charges against the leg- spinner were proven. A sign of how difficult it will be for federal health officials to decide whether to recommend a mass vaccination against smallpox is the refusal of the head of the National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases to say whether he would take the vaccine himself or give it Forty-nine people were killed Wednesday after a plane they were in crashed and caught fire as it attempted to land in Russia's Far North, a spokesman for the transportation ministry in Moscow told AFP. President Bush, in his Fourth of July speech to National Guard members and their families in Martinsburg, W.Va., linked the war in Iraq to the battles faced by the Continental Army. The election of a new president was on the agenda Saturday at the annual convention of the National Organization for Women. Citing national interest and the people's welfare, Philippine President Joseph Estrada urged militant groups and labor organizations Monday to call off their planned nationwide strike on November 30, and instead work with his administration in helping the country hurdle the economic slump.
t9172 An unidentified foreign submarine sneaked into Russian territorial waters in the northern Kola gulf region overnight, Interfax reported Wednesday, quoting the Northern Fleet command. A memorial for victims of the Air India bombing was unveiled Saturday in Toronto to mark the 22nd anniversary of Canada's worst case of mass murder. A single exam of the rectum and lower colon between the age of 55 and 64 slashes colon cancer mortality by more than 40 percent, according to research published Wednesday. In 1993, the year Texas decided to allow girls to play high school football, Tammie Overstreet finally got her chance. The sports-loving senior in Pittsburg, a smallish town in East Texas, had always wanted to join her school team. For years she'd been playing pick-up football games with the At least 40 rebels from Yemen's minority Zaidi community and 10 soldiers have been killed in clashes in the northwest of the country since Friday, military and tribal sources said Sunday. Although the federal government has mandated that all TV stations turn off their existing analog signals and broadcast only in digital starting Feb. 18, 2009, congressional investigators have found that no agency is in charge of the transition. And Congress warned officials from the Federal Communications Commission and the In a victory for President Bush, the Republican-controlled House approved legislation Thursday expanding the role of religious charities in federal social programs. Opponents complained vociferously the bill would pre-empt state and local anti-discrimination laws. The Campaign of U.S. Republican presidential candidate George W. Bush on Sunday urged Democratic candidate Al Gore to concede, but Gore camp replied that the battle was "far from over".
t9638 French cooperation Minister Bernard Debre won assurances Thursday from Burundi's President and Prime Minister to restore peace and security to the central African country battered by inter-ethnic violence. The defending champion United States came from a goal down to top Mexico 2-1 and win a fourth Gold Cup crown at Soldier Field on Sunday. Thousands of mourners queued Tuesday in drizzling rain to lay flowers and burn incense at altars honouring 46 sailors killed when a South Korean warship sank mysteriously last month. The most serious discussions between the UN and Iraq in years, aimed at breaking a deadlock over the return of international arms inspectors, ended Friday with UN Secretary General Kofi Annan saying he hoped the matter could be solved within a month. The crypt in Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome where Pope John Paul II has been buried will reopen to the public Wednesday, the Vatican said. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with Ian Paul, a pediatrician at Penn State Children's Hospital, who offered advice and analysis about recent FDA warnings that cold medication may not be safe for young children. Enthralled Nigerians packed a hearing room Friday as a retired army general testified about the 1998 death of opposition leader Moshood Abiola, alleging that high-ranking officials plotted to kill him. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) Wednesday urged Tajikistan to admit up to 10,000 Afghans currently stranded on the Afghan-Tajik border.
t4961 A Williams spokeswoman said later that an announcement about whether Mansell will miss the first two races of the season would not be made until Friday at the earliest. A leading Orthodox archbishop said he promised Pope Benedict XVI in private talks that he will sound out Moscow Patriarch Alexy II about prospects for a groundbreaking meeting between the pontiff and the Russian Orthodox churchman. Britain could re-open some of its airspace on Tuesday after a "dramatic" decrease in ash thrown up by a volcano in Iceland, transport minister Andrew Adonis said. Just outside the fruit stand on the corner of North and Fleet streets, boys in pants held up by suspenders played kick the can. Peddlers pushed carts brimming with produce and fish on ice. They yelled out in Italian accents: Fresh fish! Get your fresh fish! And the smell As EU leaders battle to shore up French support for the bloc's first ever constitution ahead of a crucial upcoming referendum, following are key elements of the text that has caused so much fuss. The 40 children and their parents are bound by a confidentiality agreement with CBS' subsidiary Magic Molehill Productions, and Good TV, Inc. that prevents them from speaking to the press without the "consent of an authorized representative of CBS." According to the participation agreement, violators must pay $5 million In the biggest settlement of a single police brutality claim in New York history, the city and the police union have tentatively agreed to pay $9 million to a Haitian immigrant tortured in a stationhouse bathroom with a broken broomstick, The Associated Press has learned. Vietnam has raised its poverty line to 1.5 times the former standard, according to the latest issue of the local business newspaper Vietnam Investment Review.
t9168 Israel hopes to reach an agreement in principle with Syria this week covering security arrangements on the Golan Heights, Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said Wednesday. Defending champion Justine Henin completed her Wimbledon preparations with a 7-5, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (2) win Saturday over second-seeded Amelie Mauresmo in the final of the Eastbourne International. A US man pleaded guilty in New York Tuesday to aiding Al-Qaeda on the eve of the start of his controversial trial where an anonymous jury was to have decided his case. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Britain's Prince Charles and his new bride Camilla were welcomed by a small crowd of cheering fans following church services Sunday in the Scottish Highlands where they are spending their honeymoon. The study of 12,527 women found the combination of screening tests detected 51 percent more cancers and precancerous lesions in initial screenings than the Pap test alone. Stocks advanced in a difficult session Thursday that saw the major indexes rise on growing optimism about the economy and then fall back on a report that muddled hopes for a turnaround during 2001. Iran's police have arrested 305 illegal Afghan immigrants in the northeastern city of Mashhad, capital of Khorasan province, the Islamic Republic News Agency reported Sunday.
t5020 Sri Lanka plan to round out New Zealand's miserable 100th centenary cricket season by beating them in the second Test which begins here Saturday. BATTING--MOrdonez, Detroit, .367; ISuzuki, Seattle, .348; Posada, New York, .347; Polanco, Detroit, .344; Jeter, New York, .343; OCabrera, Los Angeles, .337; Kotchman, Los Angeles, .333. Pakistan's President Asif Ali Zardari on Monday signed into law sweeping constitutional reforms stripping him of key powers in a move to bolster parliamentary democracy weakened by military rule. Maybe you'll get micromanaged or face stubborn policies or have your ideas stolen. Or maybe you'll just suffer through guilt by association. It's pretty hard to move up the ladder with a 500-pound turkey in your way. Iran and the EU agreed Wednesday to continue nuclear talks after a round in Paris failed to secure an agreement persuading Tehran to abandon uranium enrichment to show it is not making atom bombs. On Monday, some 50,000 people are expected to make the annual five-mile Mackinac Bridge Walk. The Mackinac (pronounced MACK-in-naw), connecting Michigan's upper and lower peninsulas, was the world's longest suspension bridge when it opened in 1957. The suspended section of 8,614 feet is now third longest. Bonus facts: More Electrical products maker Emerson Electric Co. said Wednesday it expects an 11 percent decline in profit for the latest quarter and lower full-year earnings for the first time in 43 years. The following are latest facts and figures about China's main exports to Japan in the first nine months of 2000, released by the General Administration of Customs:
t7802 Germany's Bernhard Langer was the co-leader in the clubhouse early Friday, but overnight leader Corey Pavin still held a two-shot advantage with six holes played in the second round. A land mine killed a NATO soldier and wounded four more Thursday in eastern Afghanistan, where fighting between U.S.-led forces and suspected Taliban left eight militants and a policeman dead, officials said. A former bodyguard of Osama bin Laden, Yemeni Nasser al-Bahri, wants to dissuade young people from joining Al-Qaeda, and has co-authored a book with a French journalist to get his message across. Her voice was but a raspy whisper, her limbs rendered gaunt by a month of surgical procedures, but the eyes of Charis Roberts were filled with joy Friday as she prepared to return home after a successful heart transplant. The United States on Thursday welcomed an accord reached in Pretoria a day earlier, aiming to end the crisis in Ivory Coast, and urged all parties to adhere to it. Until now, the corps has reserved buyouts for areas prone to river flooding. Some, such as Susan Rees, the director of the corps project, believe this is just the beginning of serious national debate on whether Americans should retreat from the coast. The costs and risks of flooding are For the fourth time in six years, the House endorsed a constitutional amendment to protect the American flag from desecration. The United States revenged for the defeat to Spain in 1998 Fed Cup play by clinching the 2000 Cup with an unbeatable 3-0 lead over the Spaniards on Saturday.
t2009 The hardline Kach movement is pursuing anti-Arab activities and even recruiting new members a year after being outlawed over the Hebron mosque massacre, a newspaper reported Thursday. A senior U.S. diplomat said Tuesday that he expects the U.N. Security Council to start discussing a new resolution sanctioning Iran over its nuclear program within weeks. A major British retailer apologised and stopped selling a padded bikini top for young girls Wednesday, after criticism that the garment over-sexualised children and pandered to paedophiles. Israel made public several documents Thursday that it says prove that Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, authorized cash payments as recently as January to members of his Fatah faction accused of terrorist acts against Israeli civilians. There are no war crimes suspects currently hiding out in Bosnia, the prime minister of the former Yugoslav republic said in an interview published by a local newspaper on Friday. The men bare their chests while the blood spurts in slow-motion excess in ``300,'' the film version of Frank Miller's graphic novel that turned into a box office sensation last spring. Fans of this CGI-dominated take on the battle of Thermopylae -- which raked in $455 million-plus worldwide -- President Bush is focusing on alienated youth this Independence Day with a visit to a Philadelphia block party to encourage Americans to reach out to troubled children. Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe is to start his four-day official visit to Nigeria on Wednesday, the News Agency of Nigeria reported on Monday.
t5562 The Five Nations rugby finale between England and Scotland at Twickenham on Saturday was not televised in France because of a controversial law over alcohol advertising. U.S. and Iraqi forces began major military operations Monday along Baghdad's northern and southern belts, while Iraqi officials said 36 people were killed in clashes in southern Iraq. Agnelli family heir John Elkann said Tuesday he was "very proud and happy" to be taking up the chairman's post at Italian auto giant Fiat. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Nigeria's sacked education minister claimed Thursday that he was the victim of a political plot and demanded an apology from the anti-graft investigators who held him in custody for four days. On his first day as a full-fledged candidate for the White House, Fred D. Thompson finally climbed aboard a mustard-color coach Thursday and set off across Iowa beseeching Republicans for support. Nominees in all categories for the 53rd annual Primetime Emmy awards, announced Thursday by the Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences: Italy's female athletes are confident, persevering and have a greater sense of responsibility than their male counterparts, but they still feel discriminated against, according to a survey-report on the country's Olympic athletes released Tuesday.
t2745 New Zealand won the toss and put Sri Lanka into bat first in the first cricket test at McLean Park here Saturday. The House of Representatives on Wednesday passed what could become the first major U.S. gun control law in over a decade, spurred by the mass killing of 32 people on a Virginia university campus and buttressed by help from the leading U.S. pro-gun lobby group. AC Milan coach Leonardo received a boost to his hopes of maintaining his post next season when both management and fans spoke out in support of him. As far back as the 1880s, miners in North Canada, Scandinavia and South Africa have reported mysterious, foul smelling gases that hiss and spit from crevices deep in mine shafts. Now scientists have discovered the origin of these gases and think the emissions may provide a missing link in A group of Chinese researchers have set off on an expedition to check a theory that Mount Everest is growing by about one centimeter (0.4 inch) a year, state media reported Sunday. Complaints: There is no convertible in the six-car Subaru Legacy line. Only sedans. Also, the rear bench seats can be uncomfortable for tall and large people. Gov. Jeb Bush's bid for a second term in office became official as re-election papers were filed on his behalf by a woman he called an ``inspiration'' for her success in raising a disabled child. A Palestinian youth was shot dead Thursday by Israeli soldiers in a West Bank village near east Jerusalem despite an overnight truce accord, said Palestinian sources.
t7401 The historic German city of Weimar has declared Indonesia's President Suharto an unwelcome guest because of severe human rights violations by his regime, Green party members on the city council revealed in an open letter Thursday. Investigators have arrested more than 100 pedophiles worldwide since Canadian police began monitoring an Internet chat room two years ago used by pedophiles who streamed live videos of children being raped. Former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich, accused of trying to sell President Barack Obama's former Senate seat, has subpoenaed the state's senior US senator, the lawmaker's office said Friday. A mere seven months ago it was possible to say that the terrible events of Sept. 11 at least provided China and the United States with a chance to put aside their differences and use the war against terrorism as a unifying theme around which to reconfigure their relationship. Top seeds Amelie Mauresmo and Maria Sharapova marched into the quarter-finals of the WTA and ATP Masters Series tournament here Monday, but Guillermo Coria's hopes of reaching a second straight men's final were undone by Taylor Dent in the third round. The U.N. Security Council probably will delay a move to impose new sanctions against Iran until December, when U.N. weapons inspectors conclude a review of Iran's past nuclear activity, France's foreign minister, Bernard Kouchner, said Thursday. Dire predictions of $3-a-gallon gasoline this summer haven't materialized, with many parts of the country seeing lower prices at the pump than a year ago. Gen. Fernandes made the statement in an interview with Portugal 's RDPAfrica Radio, adding that he would lead a force to bring the rebel leader back to the capital.
t4883 Former Pakistan captain Salim Malik's suspension from first-class cricket has been extended pending investigations into bribery charges, a cricket official said Thursday. Lee Ielpi and his son Jonathan were both firefighters. When Sept. 11, 2001, took the life of one, it became the life of the other. Britain will start lifting a flight ban on Tuesday, starting from 7:00 am (0600 GMT) over Scotland and possibly moving further south later if conditions allow, air authorities said Monday. The New York Times Co. said on Monday that its first-quarter net income dropped as the continuing advertising slump, particularly in the help-wanted, technology and financial services areas, offset robust growth in circulation revenue. French President Jacques Chirac warned Wednesday that France's standing in Europe could suffer if French voters reject the European Union (EU)'s first-ever constitution in an upcoming referendum. On Friday, Ben Bernanke will deliver the most important speech in his 19 months as the world's most powerful central banker. The AP on Wednesday inadvertently ran an embargoed story entitled Neighborhood-Heart, filed as V5252. The story is for 5 p.m. EDT and will be re-sent at that time. Memorial scholarships in honor of late Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin will be awarded Tuesday to 100 undergraduate students at Hebrew University of Jerusalem, university officials said on Monday.
t4605 With many top models now refusing to wear real animal skins, designers are gradually being won over to the idea that the only politically correct fur is fake. The director of the National Hurricane Center, who has been outspoken in warning about an aging satellite used for hurricane forecasting, was chastised by a superior for his comments. Budget airline easyJet said it was cancelling all its flights Sunday to and from northern Europe due to the volcanic ash cloud. Say that there happens to be this internationally famous campus in the city about which most New Yorkers are clueless. That it attracts doctoral students from all over the world, that it sends out scientists on exploratory missions across the planet and helps anchor global research on genomics, conservation Jordanian Foreign Minister Hani Mulki on Wednesday criticised Israel for a "quick and negative" response to an Arab peace initiative endorsed by a summit of leaders in the Algerian capital. "With James you felt met, deeply listened to and embraced by a special attentiveness," said the Rev. Sandee Yarlott , director of the spiritual care department at UCLA Medical Center where Putney served as chaplain . "It was like you had been in the presence of divine love and Tougher mileage requirements for sport utility vehicles will probably emerge in an energy package expected to be ready for a House vote later this month, Republican lawmakers said Tuesday. NEW RORK, November 10 (Xinhua) -- Michael Finley scored 20 points, especially his 22-footer from the left wing as time expired, to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 79-77 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Friday.
t6180 Norway banned the hunting of baby seals in 1989 following a violent international protest. A Canadian ban on the hunting of baby seals remains in effect, although commercial killing of adult seals is allowed. Fresh rumors that BHP Billiton Ltd. was preparing a takeover bid for either aluminum producer Alcoa or its rival Alcan had little impact on Australia's stock market Tuesday, as some analysts doused the idea with cold water. Air traffic in Europe disrupted by the volcano eruption in Iceland is expected to return almost to normal on Thursday, the body coordinating air traffic control across the continent said. A ruling by a Texas judge will allow a Clinton-era federal ban on Jet Skis and other motorized water scooters in national parks to go into effect on Monday. At least two Iraqis were killed and 24 wounded, many of them pilgrims marching to the Shiite shrine city of Karbala, in two suicide car bombings Friday against the country's security forces, police and medical sources said. So the news that the University of California, Irvine had selected him to be the first dean of its new law school was welcome indeed. And the subsequent news -- that it withdrew the offer Tuesday, apparently because of Erwin's political beliefs and work -- is a betrayal of Russia's foreign minister said Friday he hoped a top U.S. official was not speaking for the entire Bush administration when he announced that the United States would begin building a missile defense facility this spring. The first batch of major equipment produced by Russia for the Sino-Russian Tianwan Nuclear Power Station was shipped to the port city of Lianyungang in east China's Jiangsu province Friday.
t9177 Italy increased its trade surplus by 60 percent on a monthly basis in January but the rate of unemployment rose to 12.2 percent from 11.1 percent in January 1994, official figures showed on Wednesday. A Russian diplomat traveling in an embassy vehicle was fatally shot on the outskirts of Burundi's capital when he tried to force his way through a roadblock twice, the Burundi army said Saturday. Italian police on Tuesday seized seven Sicilian construction firms in a major investigation into the use of substandard cement in public works, media reports said. A security-minded Congress is considering whether to make states improve and standardize their driver's licenses, alarming privacy groups who see the move as a step toward a national ID card. An American man narrowly escaped from kidnappers who had attacked him and bundled him into the back of a car Sunday in the heart of the Afghan capital's embassy district, officials said. President Bush Wednesday defended his friendly relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin but acknowledged that the Kremlin leader has been "wily" about whether he plans to hold onto power next year and lamented that democracy may not be in the "Russian DNA." Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines posted steep second-quarter losses on Thursday, joining other industry leaders in reporting continued financial suffering as a result of higher fuel and labor expenses and lower spending by corporate travelers. Israel's Knesset, or parliament, Monday passed a bill in the preliminary reading, which will surely further limit Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak's negotiation power in the peace process with the Palestinians.
t4564 Morocco's King Hassan II called Wednesday for an acceleration of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, warning that the Middle East peace process is in jeopardy. A security breach this year at Los Alamos National Laboratory, a major nuclear weapons development facility, was the result of "human error" and not evidence of a widespread security failure, says Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman. In a letter, obtained by The Associated Press, to a member of the House Gumby, a diminutive pony-tailed drummer, believes Pakistani rock music is vibrant enough to withstand pockets of extremism and shield society at large from Western fears of the Taliban. An exhausted but jubilant President Hugo Chavez, restored to power two days after being forced out of office, avoided vengeful criticism of his opponents on Sunday and pledged to help reconcile the deep political divisions that ignited the most serious political crisis in his tumultuous three-year presidency. Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev on Wednesday appointed a new interior minister and prosecutor general as the ex-Soviet nation's opposition stepped up its protests over a parliamentary election. California did not start the current wave of efforts to overhaul the American health-care system, but what happens in Sacramento over the next few weeks could have a big impact on whether the drive gains momentum -- or peters out. The Bush administration backed away from a proposed regulation Tuesday that would have allowed religious groups to receive federal funds even if they discriminated against gays and lesbians in hiring. Leaders of Islamic countries began to converge here Saturday for Sunday's Islamic summit which is set to mainly dedicate itself to the on-going violent Palestinian- Israeli conflict.
t7411 Estonian President Lennart Meri on Thursday asked centrist leader Tiit Vahi to form a new government, more than two weeks after Vahi won general elections, the foreign ministry announced in Tallinn. After five winless years on the U.S. LPGA Tour, Jeong Jang's breakthrough came at the 2005 Women's British Open -- at the expense of Annika Sorenstam. European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso said on Friday that Greece's appeal for urgent aid from the EU and IMF to end its debt crisis was good for the stability of the eurozone. In Italian there are a number of vivid words for odd mixtures of things. A minestrone is of course a soup of assorted vegetables; a polpettone is a meatloaf of different ingredients; accozzaglia suggests a certain melange of elements drawn from hither and thither and generally unmatched, or incompatible. Sri Lanka's meteorological department Tuesday withdrew its tsunami warning and said it was safe for coastal residents to return to their homes despite a submarine earthquake near Indonesia. Intensifying their crackdown despite pressures from abroad, Myanmar security forces raided a half-dozen Buddhist monasteries Thursday and opened fire on pockets of demonstrators who continued to demand an end to military rule. Large farms are getting a bigger share of government subsidies, and the payments are making it difficult for young people to go into farming because land values have been driven up, according to a congressional report. An Israeli man was was killed on Friday noon in the West Bank city of Nablus by an unknown Palestinian gunman, according to Radio Israel.
t9974 Secretary of State Warren Christopher again has urged Iraq to release the two Americans it recently jailed for eight years, insisting that they had "strayed innocently" into that country. The Supreme Court on Monday barred ordinary taxpayers from challenging a White House initiative helping religious charities get a share of federal money. Austria is prepared to double its aid to debt-stricken Greece if its partners raise their contributions as well, Finance Minister Josef Proell announced on Wednesday. The latest dust-up in the South's civil war over symbols from its knotty past is unfolding these days on an oddly everyday battlefield: license plates. A military trial opened Monday against a sergeant accused of murdering two officers in a grenade attack at a camp in Kuwait at the outset of the US invasion of Iraq two years ago, officials said. Costco reached a settlement this week with Yong in an art-counterfeiting lawsuit he had brought in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles. He claimed that the mammoth, members-only merchandising chain had sold phony prints of his paintings in Southern California and provided buyers with faked certificates deeming them "signed More than a century ago, railroad magnate Edward H. Harriman led a survey of Alaska's coast, steaming home with totem poles, an entire chief's house and other treasures from a Tlingit village in southeast Alaska. The cost of feeding the fleeing government troops from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) is rising daily, Zambia Daily Mail newspaper said on Thursday.
t5564 Manchester City decided to postpone their fixture with Liverpool which clashed with the anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster here on Saturday. North Korea plans to shut down its Yongbyon nuclear reactor in the second half of July and proposes holding the next round of six-party talks on disarmament after it does so, the Interfax-China news agency reported Monday, citing an unidentified North Korean official in Beijing. A military court in the Democratic Republic of Congo has handed down death sentences to two soldiers for killing a journalist earlier this month, a press freedom group said Tuesday. In perhaps the greatest success story of post-Taliban Afghanistan, nearly half a million refugees have returned home this year with their possessions heaped on trucks and their faces shining with expectation. Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa on Thursday ordered investigations into corruption by leading members of his ruling party ahead of a key convention in two months. If you circle a "sensitive" location several times in your car, a camera inside a police command center will signal cops or security officers to check you out. Abner Louima, who was tortured in a police station bathroom in 1997 in one of the most notorious brutality cases in city history, agreed to an $8.7 million settlement on Thursday. Brazilian Gustavo Kuerten and Russian Yevgeny Kafelnikov moved into the last 16 of Tennis Masters Series event on Tuesday but five other seeded players fell by the wayside -- two without even having played a match.
t6924 The foreign policy chiefs of Russia and the United States, Andrei Kozyrev and Warren Christopher, are to tackle a series of hurdles standing in the way of smoother ties, at talks to begin in this Swiss city on Wednesday. Nissan Chief Executive Carlos Ghosn said Wednesday the Japanese automaker was working on a super-cheap $3,000 car for the Indian market, but the date for its sale was still undecided. Archaeologists have uncovered bronze coins bearing the image of ancient Egyptian ruler King Ptolemy III in an oasis south of the capital, the culture ministry announced on Thursday. All day long we rooted around for evidence that Karen Hughes was giving up her White House perch because of some vicious turf battle with Karl Rove or some fatal screw-up with the Venezuelan coup or the Middle East crisis. Mexico continued a home-field mastery of arch rival United States here Sunday, taking a 2-1 victory that snapped a 16-match US unbeaten streak. That "force" has been in heavy play lately as karma and karmic connections have ricocheted within pop culture. This week's juiciest news story, the arrest of O.J. Simpson for allegedly leading an armed holdup of sports memorabilia collectors in Las Vegas, was fairly dripping with allusions to karma: Investigators do not believe Chandra Levy would easily be lured from her apartment by a stranger, Washington's police chief said Sunday. Missions of Arab countries at the United Nations have asked for the U.N. Security Council to hold an emergency meeting to debate the worsening situation in the Middle East and Israeli brutalities against Palestinians, a spokesman of the Cairo-based Arab League (AL) said on Wednesday.
t1369 Japan's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. said on Tuesday that it had developed the world's first video server technology enabling standard computer networks to handle video data with difficulty. Brazil and India challenged the United States on Monday to offer "real" cuts in the amount of subsidies paid out to American farmers or risk another setback in the World Trade Organization's long-suffering round of global commerce talks. China said Tuesday sanctions were not the answer to the Iranian atomic standoff, denting US President Barack Obama's hopes of sealing a deal to punish Tehran as he hosted a summit on nuclear arms. Some five years ago, Stephen Earnhart and Victoria Ford were looking for some local color to inject into a music video they were shooting in Mayport, Fla., outside Jacksonville. A friend of a friend suggested that they get in touch with Beanie Andrew, a neighborhood character whom Earnhart describes Giancarlo Fisichella has revealed that his victory in the season-opening Australian Grand Prix was far from smooth, after his son had been taken into hospital on the morning of the race. Three bombs killed at least 76 people in the oil-rich northern city of Kirkuk on Monday, police said, the city's worst attack in recent memory. Police are investigating the death of a 14-year-old boy and allegations he was abused at the youth disciplinary camp where he died. The name of "The China National Committee for International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction (1990-2000)" has been changed to "The China International Committee for Natural Disaster".
t3883 More than 20 people have died in a blaze that ripped through an upper- story hotel in the northeastern Chinese city of Anshan, officials said Tuesday. "Eagle vs. Shark" might have seemed amusingly original, albeit in a self-consciously quirky, indie-movie kind of way, if "Napoleon Dynamite" didn't already exist. Bayern Munich coach Louis van Gaal has labelled some of his side 'cissies' as the German giants bid to win a treble of Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup titles. Al Gore and Joe Lieberman, setting the stage for a possible presidential rematch, are expected to have an emotional reunion with Florida Democrats during the party's three-day state convention that begins tonight. Hong Kong share prices closed 0.42 percent lower Tuesday on concerns another expected interest rate hike in the United States will trigger similar increases here, dealers said. Mexico's economy perked up a bit in the second quarter after a slow start to the year. But some analysts warned that the acceleration could be short-lived if the U.S. economy stalled. The votes of people living in poor and minority communities were much more likely to go uncounted in the 2000 presidential election than were the ballots of the more affluent, a congressional study found. The chief of the Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) on Wednesday voiced regret over Saudi Arabia's boycott of the ninth OIC summit due here on November 12- 14.
t5436 Lydon, an assistant coach for world club champion Wigan, made his fame a decade ago and was included here for star appeal. One day after a drag-racing car careened into a crowd and killed six people, witnesses questioned why the driver was allowed to speed down a multilane highway with no guard rails, lined on both sides by hundreds of spectators. Europe eased its aerial lockdown Tuesday with almost half of its scheduled flights taking to the skies, but more ash from Iceland's billowing volcano prolonged the agony of most stranded passengers. A 44-year-old Tanzanian man was arrested this week on immigration charges in North Carolina after his name was found on a document retrieved from a cave in Afghanistan in which he was congratulated for receiving a pilot's license, government officials said on Wednesday. Former Macedonian minister Ljube Boskovski, who has been charged with war crimes committed against ethnic Albanians, has been transferred to the United Nations war crimes court in The Hague, the court said in a statement Thursday. His manager, Terri Robson, told The Associated Press in an e-mail that Pavarotti, who had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2006, died at his home in Modena, Italy, at 5 a.m. local time Thursday. Enron Corp. reported a nearly 40 percent increase in second-quarter earnings on Thursday and beat analysts' expectations due to robust growth in its power marketing and energy management businesses in the United States and Europe. Approved by the Project Vetting Committee of the Film Development Fund, the project is "Promotion of Hong Kong Films at the Cannes Film Festival."
t1153 The European Union and Turkey on Monday concluded a customs union agreement that has been 30 years in the making. An explosion went off outside a hotel in downtown Nairobi during morning rush hour Monday, killing two people, injuring more than 30 and sending shards of broken glass flying, officials said. Spain's Supreme Court Tuesday upheld a decision to drop an investigation that targeted Israeli officials for alleged crimes against humanity over a deadly 2002 air raid in Gaza. In a stunning reversal, the Vermont teenager charged with stabbing to death two Dartmouth college professors in their New Hampshire home last year will abandon his insanity defense and plead guilty to the crime, according to lawyers familiar with the case. The powerful head of Russia's electricity monopoly, Anatoly Chubais, escaped unharmed Thursday when his car was raked with automatic weapons fire following an explosion, police said. The house -- a three-bedroom stucco ranch in South Pasadena, Calif., with daffodils in the front and a carport on the right -- looks normal enough. The Phoenix Coyotes, who lost free-agent center Jeremy Roenick to Philadelphia, acquired center Daymond Langkow from the Flyers on Monday in exchange for two draft picks. Mongolia's foreign trade rose to 745.5 million U.S. dollars in the first nine months of the year, up 38.3 percent from the same period of last year, the Mongolian National Statistical Office said Wednesday.
t782 US experts completed Sunday the first inspection of a Russian strategic missile site under the START 1 disarmament treaty, the ITAR- TASS agency said. Jay Haas cruised to his third Champions Tour win of the season, shooting a 2-under 69 Sunday to take the Principal Charity Classic by three strokes. A key ally of Philippine leader Gloria Arroyo Monday threatened to quit the ruling coalition, and warned the group of parties that had ruled the country for nearly a decade was in disarray. Oklahoma coach Sherri Coale owes Connecticut's Geno Auriemma and wants to pay him back in tonight's NCAA women's basketball national championship game. Crude oil futures hit an all-time record in New York trading Wednesday, surging above 56 dollars a barrel for the first time to trade at 56.30 after the release of US inventory figures. The NAACP held a mock funeral Monday for one of the most inflammatory terms in the English language: the ``N-word.'' Challenging Venezuela's lingering machismo culture, about 1,500 people marched to drum beats through Caracas on Sunday in the country's first ever gay pride parade. France condemned Tuesday evening what it called "the coup of force" by the military junta in Cote d 'Ivoire who dissolved the National Electoral Committee and declared its leader General Robert Guei the president of country.
t5352 Seven people were killed and one seriously wounded when a bomb exploded at the office of a Kashmiri militant organisation in Pakistan-administrated Kashmir on Friday, the Associated Press of Pakistan (APP) said. President Hugo Chavez warned Sunday that opposition groups are planning to disrupt the upcoming Copa America international soccer tournament by staging street protests and possible transportation strikes. There are no international rules on levels of volcanic ash that could endanger planes, the head of the UN International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) said here Tuesday. Forty years after witnessing the 1941 surprise attack on Hawaii, Sam Cooke realized that the islands were under siege again. Russia is "worried" about the way the crisis in Kyrgyzstan over a contested parliamentary vote is evolving and its resolution by force, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov said Thursday in neighbouring Kazakhstan. "Blood and Tears: The Arab-Israeli Conflict" -- The ministers and mullahs, the fanatics and peaceniks, the soldiers and terrorists, and ordinary people discuss the origin of the confrontation in this documentary. Directed by Isidore Rosmarin . PG-13 for violent images. "Closing Escrow" -- Three couples seeking to buy their Formalizing restrictions that date back to Soviet times, the Russian government has issued a list of about 90 cities, towns and villages that are normally closed to outsiders for security reasons. Isarescu backed up this statement by the fact that "this year's economic growth was not accompanied by a deterioration of the current account," the way it happened in 1996 when for exports, very large additional imports were necessary.
t4442 The state on Wednesday terminated a case brought by a Kenyan opposition legislator against Vice President George Saitoti for conspiracy to defraud the government of 400 million dollars. Russian authorities tried to turn the tables on Britain over the poisoning death of ex-KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko, saying Friday they were investigating allegations of British espionage made by the suspect British prosecutors have named in the case. A Brazilian federal court Friday overturned a judge's ruling halting moves towards construction of a huge dam that critics, including Hollywood stars, say will flood vast Amazon tribal areas. For the briefest of moments Saturday, if you allowed your mind to wander, the sun shined brilliantly as a strapping golfer named Arnold Palmer hitched up his pants and settled over a 45-foot putt on golf's grandest stage _ the 18th green at Augusta National Golf Club. Teenage gunman Jeff Weise drove a stolen police car up to his school and then randomly shot at students and teachers, authorities said Tuesday as the remote town of Red Lake grieved for the victims of the latest rampage to stun the United States. So it's not surprising that Saturday's two-hour finale of BBC America's modern-day "Jekyll" racks up a few casualties. It's just too bad that the suspense and neck-prickling thrill of the previous episodes of what we still hope will be an on going series are among them. The ``top cop'' of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Richard Walker, who established the agency's Internet enforcement program, announced Tuesday that he plans to leave for the private sector. The first Asia Conference of International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) began in Dhaka on Friday with a hope to attracting foreign investors to the region and eliminating disparity in the flow of global investment.
t1239 The trial of officials from the military regime of former Ethiopian strongman Mengistu Haile Mariam, in power here from 1974 to 1991, is to resume Tuesday in the expected absence of the principal defendant. A judge on Monday voided a 10-year sentence for a Georgia man accused of having consensual oral sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was 17. Genarlow Wilson was instead given a 12-month misdemeanor sentence with credit for time already served. The 22-member Arab League called on the Palestinians on Tuesday to refuse to heed amended orders from the Israeli military that could trigger deportations from the occupied West Bank. The coach was supposed to be too uptight to lead a team through six tournament games. When one senior co-captain began his collegiate career, he was thought to be too skinny, another was deemed too fat and the third unable to play defense. But after Maryland defeated Indiana Monday The entire roof of the departure area of Terminal 2E at Paris's Charles de Gaulle airport -- scene of a fatal collapse last May -- is to be demolished and rebuilt, the Paris airports authority ADP announced Thursday. Negotiators were closing in on a deal Saturday that would settle legal claims by more than 500 victims of alleged sexual abuse by clergy in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles. Financial analysts would be required to disclose potential conflicts of interest when they recommend stocks on television or in other public appearances, under a new proposal by a self-policing brokers' group. Swedish ambassador to Zimbabwe Lennerth Hjelmaker Tuesday urged governments to protect the rights of children and deal effectively with the HIV/AIDS issues.
t6366 The stock of a Japanese maker of industrial gas masks was traded a dozen times more than usual on Thursday and Friday on the over-the- counter market last week, before Monday's deadly gas attack on Tokyo's subway system, a daily said Tuesday. A small plane crashed in a mountainous region of eastern Spain Tuesday, killing one person aboard and injuring the other two, including a foreigner, the Interior Ministry said. China observed a day of national mourning on Wednesday for victims of its killer quake, with newspaper front pages bathed in black and flags lowered to half-mast around the country. Thanks to his ``guardian angel,'' Jack Roush was able to recognize and respond to family and friends Saturday, one day after he was critically injured in the crash of a small plane. One villager was shot dead and two other people were injured in two attacks Saturday mounted by suspected Islamic separatists in Thailand's southernmost provinces, police said. Her new plan also would make it easier for companies with fewer than 10 employees to offer affordable insurance, an attempt to defuse the opposition of small- business owners and insurers who financed the infamous "Harry &amp; Louise" TV ads that doomed her proposal 14 years ago. A couple were charged Friday with bilking the Social Security Administration of $198,000 in a scam that lasted almost three decades. Olympic champion Gunda Niemann- Stirnemann of Germany snatched the women's 3,000 meters race title of the opening speedskating World Cup event on Saturday.
t7549 Labour regulations introduced in Vietnam in January have failed to stem a rise in industrial unrest, with seven strikes occurring in foreign or private firms in Ho Chi Minh City in just three months, a report said Friday. President George W. Bush has not heard the last of legislation to allow federal funding for new embryonic stem cell research. US lawmakers urged Moscow in a letter released Friday to lift a freeze on adoptions of Russian children by parents in the United States but expressed deep concern over the case that led to the ban. The Pentagon will not have enough money to keep the current level of more than 80,000 National Guard and Reserve troops on active duty through the end of the fiscal year in September, House Democrats and some military officials contend. Vietnam paid homage Tuesday to the communist forces who marked a crucial victory in this central port city over the American-backed South Vietnamese regime 30 years ago. Senate Democrats' failure to reach agreement with wavering Republicans on legislation to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq forced party leaders to concede Friday that they are running low on options for altering President Bush's war strategy this year. Moderation and pragmatism took center stage as centrist Democrats gathered for a two-day boot camp to talk up a mainstream political agenda. ISLAMABAD, November 23 (Xinhua) -- 57 students and teachers were injured in a road accident near Rawat some 30 kilometers from the Pakistani capital of Islamabad on Thursday noon.
t1000 President Thomas Klestil is to visit Indonesia, Thailand and Vietnam from March 19 to 28 to discuss closer economic ties between Austria and the southeast Asian countries, his office said Monday. Iran plans to tie-up with Asian companies to build five refineries in the region as part of its efforts to boost energy cooperation, Iran's oil minister said Monday. A fine century knock by veteran Shivnarine Chanderpaul saw hosts West Indies - who were without captain Chris Gayle - ease to a 208 run victory over Canada in their one day international here on Tuesday. Boston played host over the weekend to the national conference of American Atheists. Founded in 1963 by Madalyn Murray O'Hair, American Atheists claims a membership of 2,000 and tackles a range of First Amendment issues. Conference speakers included abortion-rights activist Bill Baird, actor and writer John Bloom (also known President George W. Bush nominated a former campaign aide to head a powerful government media watchdog, the Federal Communications Commission. President Bush's former counsel Harriet Miers Wednesday rebuffed a subpoena demanding her congressional testimony, as former White House political director Sara Taylor told the Senate Judiciary Committee she did not speak with President Bush about the administration's plans to fire a group of U.S. attorneys last year. Activity in the nation's manufacturing sector fell for the 11th straight month in June, but the decline came at a slower pace, an industry group said Monday. His call came in a speech to the Confederation of British Industry and Green Alliance in which he underlined his commitment to the environment following sustained criticism that the government has failed to take green issues seriously.
t8050 Three University of Georgia students sacrificed their spring break plans for a warm Florida vacation to stand outside a prison in the pre-dawn chill of this Midwestern city. Merrill Lynch &amp; Co. completed its auction of assets seized from a troubled Bear Stearns Cos. hedge fund and covered its positions, a person familiar with the situation said Thursday. Germany striker Miroslav Klose spared Bayern Munich's blushes on Saturday with a second-half equaliser to seal a 1-1 draw at Moenchengladbach. For a time it looked as though Ron Hornaday Jr. was going to make the most of what probably will be his last race for Hendrick Motorsports in the NASCAR Busch Grand National Division. Militia groups in southern Sudan are threatening to wreck a fragile peace that has emerged nearly three months after Khartoum and the region's main rebel force inked a deal to end 21 years of war, residents and aid workers said Friday. The widow and five children of Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet were arrested Thursday for their alleged roles in hiding millions of government dollars in bank accounts in Washington and elsewhere. Michael Portillo hoped to lead the Conservative Party on the moderate path he'd carved for himself, but his much-heralded political journey came to what looked like a swift and surprising end as his fellow Tories spurned him in a key leadership vote. Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo has ordered Nigerian police to crack down ruthlessly those found vandalizing power lines and equipment, said Nigerian Minister of Information and National Orientation Jerry Gana on Tuesday.
t111 New peace talks between the Philippine government and communist insurgents, scheduled for June, will focus on human rights and political and economic reforms, Manila's chief negotiator said Friday. The skeletal remains of eight people discovered in March were all white men between ages 18 and 49, but who they were and how they ended up in a remote wooded area remain a mystery, officials said. US Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Sunday that Iran was not yet able to make a nuclear weapon and that its program was progressing slower than Tehran expected. Here is a hunting scene in post-World War I India, courtesy of Hari Kunzru's delectable, sweeping, Empire-savaging debut novel. For the benefit of the British dignitaries, the tigers have been sedated. ``This degree of predestination might disappoint some of the guests,'' Kunzru notes with characteristic slyness. ``However, their hosts The deputy commander of the Iraqi army in western Al-Anbar province was shot dead by US troops at a checkpoint Tuesday night, a police officer said. The U.S. military is investigating the killings of 17 people in a U.S. helicopter attack north of Baghdad a week ago, after residents of the area complained that the victims were not fighters from the group al-Qaida in Iraq, as the military originally claimed, but members of a village Prime Minister Hun Sen rejected a U.N. demand that his government sign a key agreement on a proposed genocide trial for Khmer Rouge leaders. The European Union (EU) said on Friday that it has earmarked 50 million euro (42 million U.S. dollars) for the cities that best revitalize their transport systems.
t4650 Vincent Guerin's late winner sparked off a Parc des Princes party here on Wednesday as Paris Saint Germain joined Ajax Amsterdam, AC Milan and Bayern Munich in the European Champions Cup semi-finals. A North Korean family of four arrived in South Korea on Saturday after leaving Japan, where they landed two weeks ago after a rare boat voyage from the communist country. Google released satellite imagery on Monday of the devastation from last week's earthquake which killed more than 2,000 people in northwest China. On April 8, the Colorado Supreme Court issued a decision that dramatically changes the landscape of First Amendment jurisprudence in its state by granting greater protection to bookstores and the people who buy books. Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh on Wednesday pardoned opposition journalist Abdul Karim al-Khaiwani, who ended up behind bars after harshly criticizing his regime. In the air-conditioned plywood room that is the Alice Springs youth court, five Aboriginal teen-agers -- four boys and a pregnant 16-year-old girl whose mouth seems permanently fixed in an eerily detached smile -- face a preliminary hearing for the rape and killing of a 14-year-old indigenous girl. With the Seattle Mariners having one of the best seasons in baseball history, Safeco Field usher Ron Finlay has heard plenty of boasting by fans, especially when it comes to the All-Star game. The crude oil price in Venezuela closed this week with a rise of 23 U.S. cents per barrel from last week, the Venezuelan Ministry of Energy and Mines announced Friday.
t7204 PLO leader Yasser Arafat met here Thursday with Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak ahead of talks with a group of American businessmen to discuss aid to the West Bank and Gaza Strip. American Express Co. said Wednesday it named Alfred F. Kelly, Jr., as president and Edward P. Gilligan as vice chairman, and is reorganizing the company into two customer-focused groups. Austrians elect a new president on Sunday, with the incumbent Heinz Fischer widely expected to win despite a challenge from the far-right, which has been gaining ground lately in central Europe. Once the unchallenged wunderkind who promised to propel French business onto a glittery global stage, Jean-Marie Messier, head of the media giant Vivendi Universal, braved a rowdy shareholders meeting Wednesday, defending his stewardship of the conglomerate against an onslaught of heckling, boos, whistles and calls for his resignation. People swarmed the streets of several Pakistani cities setting off fire crackers and handing out sweets as celebrations erupted after Pakistan beat India in the final Test at Bangalore Monday to square the historic series 1-1. Andrei Piontkovsky, one of Russia's most pungent political commentators and a visiting scholar at the Hudson Institute in Washington, was accused in court Tuesday of inciting violence against Russians, Jews and Americans as well as insulting and stirring feelings of inferiority in all three groups. From the air conditioned heart of a place he calls Fantasy Island, American disc jockey Dan Foster is bouncing hip-hop grooves on radio waves to millions of listeners in the sixth-largest city on earth. Customs officers at this capital of northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region has uncovered a series of smuggling cases and seized abundant amounts of the horn of sahlite, an endangered vertebrate species of antelope.
t5650 French champions Paris St Germain reached their second semi-final in three days on Saturday, when they beat Nancy 2-0 in the last eight of the French Cup. The emergency government Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas installed after Islamic militants seized control of Gaza reaped its first windfall on Monday, with the European Union promising to restore hundreds of millions of dollars in crucial aid. Shuttle Discovery touched down at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida early Tuesday, making a safe return to Earth after a two-week resupply mission to the orbiting International Space Station. Although he has been performing the classics since he joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1967, Oscar winner Sir Ben Kingsley had never encountered the plays of Pierre de Marivaux before being cast in the film version of ``The Triumph of Love.'' ``I'm sorry to disappoint you, I was Three people were killed and 30 were hurt in heavy rainstorms in India's West Bengal state Thursday, as weather forecasters warned a severe storm was approaching. Clinton used a speech to the AARP in Boston to underscore her differences with Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill., over the best way to shore up the Social Security system. Seven years after members of Congress rejected research into extraterrestrial life as a search for ``little green men,'' lawmakers encouraged scientists in their efforts to find life beyond the Earth. The British government plans to bring about an "urban renaissance" in England via a billion-pound package of measures to encourage people back into city centers, according to a government document released Thursday.
t476 The system of command and control of Russia's nuclear forces held by President Boris Yeltsin is outdated, and not equipped to deal with the new strategic balance in the world, according to its inventor. China is forcing nomadic Tibetan herders to settle in towns to clear land for development, leaving many unable to earn a living, a human rights group said in a report issued Sunday. A court in Spain Monday acquitted five directors of a Basque newspaper that was shut down in 2003 over its alleged links to ETA, after finding that they had no connection to the armed separatist group. Once you put on a baseball uniform for the first time, the memory is with you for life. You never forget the color scheme, and the most random event can remind you of your first number. Indonesia's agriculture minister said Wednesday that trade in chicken from two provinces had been banned to prevent the spread of bird flu which had killed thousands of chickens there. Last Wednesday, Gordon Brown stepped up to a microphone outside the fabled black door of 10 Downing Street to address his nation for the first time after becoming prime minister about an hour earlier. Without a smile, he promised to ``try my utmost'' and soon signed off somberly, like Negotiators for Hollywood actors and producers faced a midnight deadline Saturday as they sought to avert what could be a crippling walkout for the TV and movie industry. Zambian police have burst open a racket in which some foreigners are selling Zambian girls as prostitutes in Europe and arrested a Belgian national, Sunday Times of Zambia newspaper reported.
t8624 Striking baseball players could be on the verge of a legal victory that would end their 7 1/2-month walkout and force club owners to lock them out, shut down the sport or risk financial ruin. Satellite images show that Pakistan is building a new nuclear reactor that can produce weapons-grade plutonium, an American watchdog group said, warning that it could contribute to an atomic arms race with archrival India. The countries of the western Mediterranean Monday called for a comprehensive plan for combatting environmental blight and climate change in the region. Concrete walls of railway tunnels and pillars supporting elevated tracks may soon be adorned with lines of special paint that will be anything but ornamental. Britain's Prince Charles and his longtime sweetheart, Camilla Parker Bowles, were due to marry Saturday after two months of muddled preparations and a lifetime of waiting. If we really want to make progress and achieve greater fairness as a society, it is time for elemental change. And we should start by looking at the Constitution, with the goal of holding a new Constitutional Convention. Package bombs exploded at two plumbing supply company facilities Wednesday, and a phony bomb threat was called into the headquarters of its parent company, Home Depot, authorities said. The use of Chinese forced laborers was one of the grave crimes committed by the Japanese militarists during the Japanese aggression against China, and the Hanaoka incident was a typical demonstration of such a crime.
t1310 The board of the Wellcome pharmaceutical group on Tuesday recommended that shareholders accept a hostile takeover bid by its British rival Glaxo in the absence of counter offers by two potential bidders. A Georgia judge ordered the release Monday of a man sentenced to 10 years in prison for having consensual oral sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was 17. Leaders of Russia and Japan were holding a previously unscheduled meeting Tuesday as the two countries struggle to make headway on an island dispute, officials said. This Week In Sports Trivia (TWIST) questions are based on the events and personalities from the past week. Each correct answer is worth 10 points, except for the BIG SCORE, which is worth 20 points. Up to 14 people were reported missing Thursday after a landslide buried 21 houses at a small village in Sivas province in northeastern Turkey, local officials said. There's been bountiful rain this spring and summer in the Hill Country here. Instead of sun-parched fields, blankets of startling green lie between the stony hills. The bluebonnets are gone for the season, but the Indian paintbrush and mountain pinks, sunflowers and black-eyed Susans blaze near fields of lush Einar Diaz hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning Monday night to give John Rocker and the Cleveland Indians a 2-1 victory over Kansas City, snapping the Royals' six-game winning streak. The German Olympic Committee ( NOK) said on Thursday it is considering bidding for the Olympic Games and will unveil details of its plans next week.
t218 Russian and Chechen troops fought gun battles Friday in outlying suburbs of the Chechen capital Grozny while Russian warplanes bombed two towns in the west of the republic, military officials in Ingushetia told Moscow radio. Palestinian gunmen broke through Israel's border fortifications around Gaza on Saturday and exchanged fire with Israeli troops inside Israel, the military said. Greece's prime minister dismissed as "a joke" on Sunday the idea that Athens could ditch the euro to boost its debt-fighting options, as eurozone ministers prepared to discuss an EU Greek support plan. Two suspected al-Qaida operatives made their way through this ancient tribal town in December. The Yemeni army, spurred by the post-Sept. 11 war on terror, came looking for them. Best Mate may no longer be on course for a fourth successive Cheltenham Gold Cup but for most jump race followers the Cheltenham Festival will be enlivened by a French horse going for a third Stayers Hurdle crown in four years. With the immigration bill dead, troop withdrawal deadlines vetoed and other high-profile issues stalled, Democratic leaders closed six months in control of Congress mired in low approval ratings and plotting a legislative blitz on an issue they once tried to escape: Iraq. A U.S. District judge has dismissed charges against an FBI sharpshooter in the 1992 Ruby Ridge shooting of the wife of white separatist Randy Weaver. Indonesian Coordinating Minister for Political, Social and Security Affairs Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said the government will revamp the national intelligence system.
t6880 Two of Wimbledon's games are being investigated by police as part of their match-fixing probe, according to a newspaper report here on Wednesday. PetroChina Co., a listed unit of state-owned China National Petroleum Corp., said Wednesday it plans to issue up to 4 billion yuan-denominated A shares in a public offering in Shanghai to raise money for exploration and development of petroleum resources, construction of a refinery and overseas acquisitions. One of Germany's most divisive bishops has offered to resign after admitting to hitting children, his diocese said Thursday, hoping the move would allow the embattled Church a "new start". Bill Clinton will take the stage Wednesday night at Harlem's Apollo Theater, but contrary to rumors, aides say he will not be playing his saxophone. Liverpool Legends beat their celebrity opponents 6-2 in a tsunami appeal match on front of 39,000 spectators at Anfield on Sunday. and a socko car bombing that seems to detonate in your lap: "The Kingdom" hits you hard. Starring Jamie Foxx and Jennifer Garner as FBI agents investigating a terrorist attack on Americans in Saudi Arabia, the film is sort of a faster, bloodier, more ruthlessly linear "Syriana." The first One youngster at a community for troubled children says he benefited from being made to shovel cow manure in a punishment community leaders nicknamed ``school appreciation day.'' Visiting Chinese Vice Premier Wu Bangguo said here on Wednesday that China wants to expand economic ties with oil-rich Kuwait.
t3358 Directors of Euro Disney confirmed Tuesday that the company aims to get back to the break-even point in 1996 after reducing losses to 1.8 billion francs (359 million dollars) in 1994 from 5.3 billion francs in 1993. Leaders of Sri Lanka's four major religions came together Friday to call for the government to accept responsibility for a recent wave of human rights violations as violence between rebel and military forces has worsened. Sirens wailed and church bells rang across Poland Saturday at 8:56 am (0656 GMT), the exact time a week ago when a plane crash in Russia killed the Polish president and 95 others. ``The Life and Times of the Last Kid Picked,'' David Benjamin's droll, semi-fictional account of his 1950s Wisconsin boyhood, is an easy book to like. The author is not discernibly nostalgic for what clearly was a bumpy time in his life; nor, from the perspective of several decades, does Troops have joined a massive relief operation in northern Bangladesh where a tornado cut a swathe through 15 villages at the weekend, officials said Tuesday, as the death toll rose to 47. Iraq's top five governmental leaders began a review of the country's de-Baathification law Saturday but appeared not to have reached an agreement on that topic or any of the other critical issues that have plunged the country into a political crisis. ETrade Securities, one of the largest online brokerage firms, has been fined $90,000 by a self-policing brokers' group for allegedly violating advertising rules by making misleading claims. The famous scenic the Lushan Mountain in east China's Jiangxi Province recently passed domestic evaluation and will move ahead to apply for world geo-park status.
t6953 Rebels in Sierra Leone said Wednesday they would release eight of the 10 foreign nationals still in their hands, but would continue to hold two British aid workers hostage. Foreign donors castigated Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen's government for failing to tackle chronic corruption, but were still expected Wednesday to pledge new aid to the impoverished country. A series of explosions rocked Bangkok's business district Thursday, leaving several people injured, amid a standoff between groups of rival protesters, according to AFP reporters. Alarmed that the composition and mandate of a U.N. fact-finding team were stacking it against Israel, the Israeli government announced Tuesday night that it would delay the arrival of the team until it agreed to its members and precise assignment. One week after the US Congress passed extraordinary legislation aimed at having Terry Schiavo's feeding tube reinserted, public displeasure appears to have prompted bill supporters to downplay the significance of their intervention. Editors: In IRAN-POLICY (Wright, Post), sub to assign new headline //U.S., Europeans Ready Sanctions Separate From U.N. Effort//(Washn) By Robin Wright (c) 2007, The Washington Post pickup ledeWASHINGTON -- The United States and itsxxxxx Congaree made a successful return to racing Sunday, winning the Swaps Stakes in a leisurely pace to give trainer Bob Baffert back-to-back victories in the $500,000 race. Textile experts attending a clothing fair in Humen City in south China's Guangdong Province urged the country's clothing producers to pay heed to environmental protection in the process of clothing manufacturing and use of fiber materials.
t1898 Team New Zealand and Pact 95 continued their relentless run toward an America's Cup showdown here Saturday with victories in the challenger and defender semi-finals. Chicago's biggest Mafia trial in years, a racketeering conspiracy case that includes at least 18 slayings, began Thursday with a prosecutor describing "brutal crimes" allegedly committed by the now-elderly defendants. Richard Branson, the boss of airline Virgin Atlantic, Saturday hit out at the decision to ground flights due to volcanic ash from Iceland, saying there had been "no danger at all to flying". When lawmakers begin haggling today over a nearly $50 billion budget, they will stack a tidal wave of mind-numbing figures into the endless rows of antiseptic columns that government bureaucracy demands. Tolling church bells and wails of sirens across Poland marked the start of the funeral of native-born Pope John Paul II Friday. That fear was expressed this week by Ecuadorean and U.S. counter-narcotics officials as this Andean country reported an alarming increase in illegal coca crops destroyed this year along its northern border with Colombia. Embryonic stem cell research should be included among the possible avenues for treating disease, federal researchers told the Bush administration as it considers whether to allow federal funding of the approach. Patrol boats of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) have so far violated South Korean waters 12 times this year, the South Korean Defense Ministry said Tuesday.
t1228 Appeals to capitalism to undertake a major role in fighting poverty are likely to come under renewed scrutiny when debate resumes at the UN World Summit on Social Development here Tuesday. The detention and beating of lawyers by police in Zimbabwe is undermining the rule of law and independence of the judiciary, an international legal group said Monday. South Korea will welcome North Korea when it hosts the next summit on nuclear security if its communist neighbor commits to give up its atomic arsenal, President Lee Myung-Bak said Tuesday. ATLANTA - After Indiana rallied from a 12-point deficit to take a 44-42 lead with about 10 minutes remaining in Monday night's NCAA championship game, Maryland coach Gary Williams gave his team explicit instructions. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was forced by Washington and London Wednesday to backtrack on his surprise announcement that Italian troops would start leaving Iraq in September, the Italian press said Thursday. To escape her stifling apartment, to unwind from her monotonous job, to tune out the squalor, noise and crime all around her, Josefina Filmont has long taken refuge in the cool, green embrace of the ancient mahogany trees skirting the fortress built here by Christopher Columbus's son. Nepal's main opposition party asked the government on Monday to clarify its official position toward the late Crown Prince Dipendra, who killed the king, queen and seven other royals during a June 1 palace dinner. About 200 patients at one hospital in Melbourne, southeast Australia, were evacuated Wednesday after thick smoke from an electrical fire poured through the building.
t22 All United Nations peacekeepers in Somalia along with US and Italian forces protecting their withdrawal have left the African country, the Pentagon said Thursday. The circus that follows Paris Hilton almost everywhere was out in raucous full force Friday at Superior Court here, waving signs and dancing jigs. But when the judge's order came down that she had to return to jail, the celebutante's supporters were reduced to stunned silence. Andy Murray begins his 2010 claycourt campaign at the Monte Carlo Masters this week, desperate for a morale-boost as the French Open countdown begins. Paul McCartney stood in the middle of a vast soundstage, dwarfed by a huge array of video screens. He and his new band were working the kinks out of the former Beatle's first tour in almost a decade, which opens April 1 at the Arena in Oakland. Roy Keane was recalled to the Republic of Ireland squad by manager Brian Kerr when he named Tuesday his 23-man squad for the World Cup qualifier away to Israel in Tel Aviv on March 26 and the home friendly with China three days later. From her childhood in Cartagena, Colombia, Gala Rodriguez remembers ``rocking chairs on front porches and doors that didn't lock.'' She smiles while recalling racing with her playmates from one porch to another as neighbors and relatives sat outside and savored the coastal air. The Senate unanimously agreed to include federal employees and Medicare recipients in its patients' bill of rights on Friday. The Democratic majority, propelling its top priority toward final passage by day's end, also allowed changes that would restrict class-action lawsuits and allow patients to use courts only as a Second-seeded Venus Williams made heavy work of beating Japan's Ai Sugiyama at the Linz Open on Wednesday in her first appearance since clinching gold at the Sydney Olympics.
t6524 Some six million people voted Tuesday in the Indian state of Bihar with at least one person killed in the last phase of provincial polls that have already dealt a crushing blow to Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao. Two-thirds of U.S. parents said they are very concerned about sex and violence American children are exposed to in the media, and there would be broad support for new federal limits on such material on television, said a survey released Tuesday. One of Australia's largest banking groups ANZ is interested in buying a controlling stake in the Korea Exchange Bank (KEB), a report said Wednesday. With some key details still to be worked out, U.S. and Canadian panels Monday began investigating why a U.S. jet pilot bombed Canadian soldiers training in Afghanistan. Three US soldiers were killed in Iraq as security forces said they had arrested 120 suspects Saturday on suspicion of planning attacks on the country's Shiite majority ahead of a major religious holiday. Following the trend set by eye-catching eyeglasses, colorful dental braces and neon casts for broken limbs, earmolds are taking the fashionista route. Used in hearing aides and as swim or hearing-protection plugs, earmolds are now available in an array of colors that the hearing impaired and those concerned about Russia has a huge advantage over China in nuclear missiles and territory, but it is in many ways the poorer nation as the two countries cement a ``strategic partnership'' during Chinese leader Jiang Zemin's visit this week. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak Monday morning voiced "profound shock" over the bombing of a bus carrying schoolchildren in the Gaza Strip and called it a " grave and extremely serious terrorist attack," Israel Radio reported.
t5860 Greece announced Sunday it would resume direct talks with Macedonia under UN auspices next month after a more than two-year freeze in diplomatic and trade relations. Disagreements over the direction of the International Center for Birds of Prey have led renowned British raptor expert Jemima Parry-Jones to resign, load her 170 birds on a charter flight and return to England. The deputy mayor of the restive southern Afghan city of Kandahar was shot dead at point blank range while praying, an official said Tuesday. The face of a very young Francoise Sagan, tousle-haired and with no more than a certain smile, has been haunting the French press recently, with the publication of two biographies, one rather less respectful than the other. Taiwan share prices closed 1.08 percent higher Friday, led by a bounce in semiconductor and flat-panel stocks made mainly on support from government-linked institutions, dealers said. Without referring to the deep political pressure for troop cutbacks, Petraeus insisted that "battlefield geometry" enabled him to recommend a minor reduction in U.S. forces in Iraq, with a 2,200-man 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit to be withdrawn from Anbar p rovince this month and an army combat brigade of Lawmakers abandoned plans to ressurect a state income tax Thursday after protesters chanting ``No new taxes'' broke windows at the Capitol. It was not a question over the past centuries to whether female character types in Beijing Opera were played only by men. But it is a fatal question now: are men going to lose their jobs in the next century?
t6300 A Hungarian spy officer, whose identity or gender was not revealed, committed suicide with a service weapon Monday, Colonel Lajos Tapi of the Information Office, Hungary's intelligence service, said. About 10,000 U.S. soldiers using heavily armored Stryker and Bradley fighting vehicles fought their way into an al-Qaida sanctuary northeast of Baghdad early Tuesday. American and Iraqi forces, under cover of attack helicopters, killed at least 22 insurgents, the military said. The eurozone is heading for one percent growth this year, limping out of recession under the threat of a sovereign debt crisis, the IMF said on Wednesday. Heavy snow fell in a narrow swath from southern Minnesota to central Wisconsin Sunday as a low-pressure system passed south through Missouri. The low will press east Monday, bringing wintry precipitation to parts of the Northeast. A few inches of slushy snow are expected from western New York to Dwayne Wade scored 35 points and Shqaquille O'Neal added 25 as Miami downed the Phoenix Suns 125-115 here Friday in a showdown that left the Heat with the best record in the National Basketball Association. The emergency loan for Northern Rock was the first such action by the central bank since the 1970s, and it came after the northern England bank said it could not arrange short-term loans from other financial institutions amid the international money-market squeeze. Robert Mueller, President Bush's choice as FBI director, has prostate cancer and will undergo surgery within 30 days, Justice Department officials said Friday. MACAU, November 19 (Xinhua) - A pedestrian was killed when Frans Verschuur's Renault crashed through the barriers at Macau's Guia circuit during the warm-up for Sunday's touring car race.
t6868 Russia's Federation Council (upper house of parliament) approved an anti-inflation, pro-market reform budget for 1995 here on Wednesday, the news agency Interfax said. South Carolina Treasurer Thomas Ravenel, a former real estate developer who became a rising political star after his election last year, was indicted on federal cocaine charges. Microsoft is to invest half a billion rands in small black-owned software development firms in South Africa, the company said Friday. Barely five minutes into the first quarter of Game 1 between Boston and Philadelphia, Celtics point guard Kenny Anderson had already picked up his second foul. Foreign fighters entering Iraq in recent months make up a growing percentage of insurgents battling US troops and the country's fledgling security force, a senior US military commander said Sunday. A Washington Post article misstated the revenue of Level 3 Communications in relation to that of Paetec Holding and McLeodUSA. Level 3's 2006 revenue was $3.4 billion, greater than the combined revenue of Paetec and McLeod. Umpires, believing owners are looking over their shoulders too much, filed a grievance to keep the commissioner's office from pressuring them to reduce the pitches in their games. Iran on Wednesday welcomed Egypt's recall of its ambassador from Tel Aviv and Jordan's refraining from sending a new ambassador to Israel to protest its growing attacks on the Palestinians.
t1041 Malawi and Mozambique on Monday agreed to review an old general cooperation agreement in order to bring it into line with current security and defence needs. Less than a month after being crowned Japan's first Miss Universe in nearly half a century, Riyo Mori is hoping to land another job -- with the popular TV show "Heroes" in the United States. The US Senate Foreign Relations Committee urged Ugandan lawmakers Tuesday to defeat an anti-gay bill whose drastic punishments have drawn tough international condemnation. Sharon Tracy entered the Holy Cross Cemetery in Flatbush, Brooklyn, ninja style, climbing the fence, then crawling through a gap in the ironwork that a fat rat would have difficulty getting through. A campaign for justice by the relatives of a murdered Catholic man is helping clear hurdles to a lasting settlement in Northern Ireland, key players in the peace process say. Q. My PC now flashes a start-up message from a company called ``Phoenix''; hitting the F1 key gets me past this, but my other problem is that the computer keeps thinking that it's 11:01 p.m. on Dec. 31, 2002. The European Union's 20-member executive Commission plans to vote Tuesday on General Electric Co.'s $41 billion purchase of Honeywell International Inc., barring any last minute proposals or withdrawal of the merger, EU officials said Monday. Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe Wednesday denounced parliamentarians of his ruling Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front (Zanu-pf) who were siding with the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) on the proposed motion on his impeachment.
t4065 The London stock market chalked up a sizable gain on Tuesday as the Footsie index advanced by 38.8 points or 1.2 percent to finish at 3,050.6 points. Ousted Philippine President Joseph Estrada heard closing arguments in his six-year plunder trial Friday, with government lawyers arguing that a conviction would show that the powerful are not above the law. Britain's Liberal Democrats, normally the country's third party, have overtaken the ruling Labour Party after their leader's performance in a pre-election TV debate, a poll showed Saturday. It was the defining moment of Mary Lou Quinlan's career: While in a taxi on her way to work two years ago, Quinlan, then chief executive of the N.W. Ayer ad agency in Manhattan, fantasized about breaking all her limbs in a traffic accident _ or at least a The German airline Lufthansa was poised on Tuesday to take over the ailing Swiss International Air Lines after major shareholders in the Swiss carrier met to approve the deal. Hurricane Dean's massive eye skidded just south of Jamaica on Sunday, but its ferocious outer bands still socked the island with 145 mph winds that shredded roofs, shattered windows and toppled trees. Tony Brown, an assistant coach with the Portland Trail Blazers the last four seasons, has joined the Detroit Pistons in the same capacity. More than 500,000 companies in the United States will be participating in business-to-business (B2B) online marketplaces by 2005, according to a report released Tuesday, but the number of e-marketplaces may dwindle in the coming years.
t3878 Islamic extremist gunmen shot and slightly wounded the president of the Algerian Football Federation, but he managed to escape in his car, the newspaper L'Authentique reported Tuesday. Pieces of architectural history sit on Milwaukee's south side -- a row of four duplexes and two cottages designed by Frank Lloyd Wright more than 90 years ago for low-to-moderate-income families. The Queensland Reds produced one of their finest fighting displays to topple Super 14 defending champions Northern Bulls 19-12 in a frenetic clash here on Saturday. At a mountain highway rest stop, tourists were browsing in a souvenir shop and lining up to ride a red-topped gondola to a snowy peak. Suddenly, word spread through the parking lot: a robbery was in progress. A series of aftershocks including one with a magnitude of 5.1 rattled Japan's southern Kyushu island Tuesday, two days after a powerful earthquake left one dead and more than 700 injured, officials said. In winning the conviction of al-Qaida foot soldier Jose Padilla, the Bush administration paradoxically may have undercut a key tenet of the president's anti-terrorism strategy -- that terrorists should be handled outside the regular court system. Fifty-three people have been diagnosed with Legionnaires' disease, and the number of cases in this southeastern city is expected to rise, the regional government said Monday. A king-sized book giving information on all subjects about Horn of African countries is scheduled to be published between the year 2002 and 2006, according to local reports on Wednesday.
t8518 Twenty miners were killed and another 20 reported missing following an explosion in a coalmine in the eastern Sorgun region of Turkey, the Anatolian news agency said Monday. Shares of Julius Baer Holding AG fell Friday after UBS AG said late Thursday that it would sell its 20.7 percent stake in the Swiss private bank. A suicide bomb attack in southern Afghanistan early Sunday killed three people and injured seven others, a provincial official told AFP. To avoid conflict with events commemorating Sept. 11, the spring 2003 New York fashion shows, currently scheduled for Sept. 8 to 14, will probably be rescheduled, officials of the shows said Monday. A mass e-mail being circulated by hackers purporting to be a Microsoft Windows update alert directs computer users to a fake website where a Trojan virus is installed, security experts said Friday. Rep. Jane Harman (D-Calif.) is absolutely right: U.S. foreign policy should reflect "appropriate understanding and sensitivity concerning issues related to human rights, ethnic cleansing and genocide." Further, the president should indeed "accurately characterize the systematic and deliberate annihilation of 1,500,000 Armenians as genocide." That's why Harman is one of About 35 million building sprinklers across the country need to be replaced because they might not work during fires, the government and the manufacturer said Wednesday. TOKYO, November 30 (Xinhua) -- World champions excelled in the pairs event and ice dancing at the NHK Trophy, the sixth and final event of the International Skating Union's Grand Prix series in Asahikawa, Jaapan on Thursday.
t6554 Ten Indian soldiers were among 16 people killed in separatist violence in the troubled northern state of Kashmir, the Press Trust of India said Tuesday. European stocks closed lower Tuesday, with retailers down after a disappointing update from Britain's top retailer, Tesco, and with airlines suffering from the impact of oil prices above US$69 a barrel. European Union and IMF experts began 10 days of crucial talks here on Wednesday on details of rescue loans which Greece might request because its borrowing costs on financial markets are unbearable. Buy some peanuts and Cracker Jacks, then curl up for a good read with these books about the national pastime. 1. ``Shoeless Joe &AMP; Black Betsy'' Author: Phil Bildner Illustrator: C.F. Payne Publisher: Simon &AMP; Schuster, 2002 Age range: 4-8 Price: $17 (hardback) Italy took a step closer to the 2006 World Cup after beating Scotland 2-0 in a Group Five qualifying match at the San Siro here on Saturday. When former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani took aim at the liberal MoveOn.org for its newspaper ad criticizing Gen. David Petraeus, he must have known it would not stop there. Lance Armstrong teammate Christian Vande Velde was forced to quit the Tour de France on Saturday after breaking his left arm in a crash on a slippery road. Research and development (R&amp;D) investment in China increased to a record 0.83 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) in 1999.
t2558 For the professed brain behind of one of China's hottest and most politically outspoken books in years, jovial author Wang Shan does not come across as the great thinker one might expect. Iconic American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan on Wednesday was awarded Spain's Prince of Asturias arts award, one of the country's most prestigious honors. EU nations issued more safety alerts on consumer products than ever last year, with Chinese products again accounting for most of the potentially dangerous items, a European Commission report showed Thursday. How can a player who doesn't record a goal or an assist in a game be more valuable to the Los Angeles Kings than one who puts a puck in the net? It's all in the often-ignored numbers at the bottom of the stat sheet, the figures that never World champions England lost prop Graham Rowntree before kick-off in Saturday's Calcutta Cup Six Nations rugby union international against Scotland here at Twickenham after the veteran Leicester forward withdrew because of a pulled left thigh injury. The House gave final and overwhelming approval Tuesday to a landmark bill that would tighten ethics and lobbying rules for Congress, passing it on to a Senate that is under a new ethics cloud after Monday's FBI raid on Sen. Ted Stevens' house. Electronic Data Systems Corp. has cut about 400 jobs at its A.T. Kearney unit due to slowing demand for management-consulting services. Jia Qinglin, member of the Political Bureau of the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee, met here today with Anthony Garotinho, governor of the State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and his delegation.
t7752 After a stinging defeat, Republicans roared back to pass a line-item veto that significantly increases control of the budget to the White House -- for now in Democratic hands. A special court was set up Thursday to deal with Olympic-related problems, and other disputes that have occurred as the Chinese capital has modernized quickly for next year's Games. US envoy George Mitchell met Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak on Friday, kicking off a day of talks with senior Middle East officials aimed at restarting peace negotiations. The catalogs still arrive in the mail as regularly as utility bills. The models are still athletic, toothsome and posed in patches of paradise like St. Bart's or Truro, Mass. And the fashions still come in shades evoking a sensuous existence _ flax, wave and palm, not beige, blue UN Secretary General Kofi Annan sought to drum up support for his reforms of the world body Thursday, by warning member states that the fight for human rights has entered a "new era," switching from declarations to action. The Elizabeth, N.J., company on Saturday recalled 80 ground beef products, including frozen patties, that could fill 542 tractor-trailers as a "safety precaution to customers," Topps spokeswoman Michele Williams said . Topps had recalled more than 300,000 pounds earlier last week. Schoolteacher Adriana Ortiz was forced to sell the family car and take in an uncle and aunt when they lost their jobs in Argentina's worst economic crisis in years. Seven southern African countries could experience moderate food shortages next year, with only South Africa and Malawi expected to export, the Sunday Mail newspaper reported.
t2023 A man was shot dead and fifteen others injured when Zambian policemen clashed with citizens rioting in protest against alleged ritual murders by a local businessman, police said Monday. U.S. President George W. Bush expressed confidence on Monday about passing an immigration bill and said a Senate vote of no-confidence in Alberto Gonzales would have no bearing on his service as attorney general. French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced Tuesday in Washington that he would visit China later this month, joined by his wife, Carla Bruni-Sarkozy. These columns for release Tuesday, April 2, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Media and entertainment giant Viacom Inc. said Wednesday it may split into two divisions with one focussing on "growth" and the other, more traditional arm, aiming for "value". I don't know if ``Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix'' is a good movie -- I haven't seen it. But I'm pretty certain that it shouldn't be judged as a movie at all. It is a visual representation of a book in which of people are Two car bombs blew up Monday in the working class town of Yehud, just hours after three Palestinian militants were killed by missiles fired by an Israeli helicopter in a pinpointed attack. Australia's farmers should remember rising fuel prices were hitting farmers worldwide and not just them, Deputy Prime Minister and National Party Leader John Anderson said Tuesday.
t8373 The Japanese aviation industry is expected to accept a US offer jointly to build a military version of the Boeing-767 plane, Jiji Press quoted sources as saying on Monday. Malaysia has suspended the licenses of 20 maid agencies and blacklisted 85 employers after complaints of irregularities and unpaid wages, a government official said Friday. Sixty-five years after the war, the German government is struggling to sell a largely pacifist electorate on the notion that the military is there to fight and die in countries like Afghanistan. ``It got so bad that my makeup artist gave me a T-shirt with the words `Porn Star' on it,'' Diane Lane says, wincing. Lee Bowyer has thanked Newcastle fans for their show of support after coming on as a substitute against Sporting Lisbon in Wednesday's UEFA Cup quarter-final, first leg here at St James' Park. John Rottger faulted the FBI for suggesting in an affidavit that he resembled the man who threatened Vanity Fair writer Ned Zeman with a gun in August 2002. Thunderstorms dumped up to 6 inches of rain on the city, killing a man and his daughter and knocking out power to 25,000 customers. Indonesian Vice President Megawati Soekarnoputri canceled her plan to pay visit to Republic of Czech and Mexico "due to recent developments at home," Antara news agency reported Wednesday.
t8236 Laurent Jalabert, winner of this season's Paris-Nice and Milan-San Remo races, completed a hat-trick here on Sunday when he won the two- day Criterium International. Jamaica's Sherone Simpson, the fastest woman in the world last season, will miss the Caribbean island's national championships due to a hip injury, a team official said Thursday. A senior International Monetary Fund official warned of Japan's growing fiscal problems in an interview published Monday, describing the pace of deterioration as "pretty high". There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it British Prime Minister Tony Blair pledged to do all he could, and finance minister Gordon Brown even flew to China to seek a deal, but top-level government efforts were not enough to save ailing car maker MG Rover. Under fire for months, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf received the validation he was looking for Saturday when lawmakers overwhelmingly elected him to a new five-year term. But his political fortunes will remain in doubt for at least several more weeks as the Supreme Court considers whether he was eligible Two people were arrested on Wednesday as tensions rose between abortion opponents and supporters of abortion rights outside a clinic that is the focus of a week of protests. During the 1996 World Food Summit, participants from 186 countries pledged to halve the number of the world's 800 million hungry people by the year 2015.
t3804 South Korea's rival political parties ended a bitter parliamentary deadlock Tuesday by compromising over controversial election law changes, party officials said. The increased demand for "green" vehicles is spilling over to the rental car counter, where many more drivers will soon be able to choose a hybrid vehicle. Pope Benedict XVI said Saturday the Roman Catholic Church had been wounded by sin as he flew to Malta on his first foreign trip since a wave of priest sex abuse scandals broke in Europe and the United States. Near the end of ``Human Nature,'' a fellow named Puff (Rhys Ifans), raised in the wild by an ape-man father and then civilized in captivity by a priggish behavioral scientist, testifies before Congress on the implications of his plight. After his stirring and erudite speech on the terrible alienation The dollar eased against the yen after recent strong gains as participants settled down to wait the outcome of the US Federal Reserve meeting later in the day, dealers said. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit, best friends through thin times and thickening bodies, strutted in shared triumph around the ring in Madison Square Garden. Guerrero had just successfully defended his World Wrestling Entertainment title; Benoit had defeated two opponents to wear the belt as world heavyweight champion. A Palestinian blew up a truck packed with explosives, killing himself near an Israeli outpost in the Gaza Strip on Monday, a day after militants warned that more suicide bombings were on the way. The National Assembly of Cambodia on Monday overwhelmingly passed legislation to create a national electric authority, according to the Cambodia Daily Tuesday.
t6722 Two more people died Wednesday from the deadly gas attack on Tokyo's subway system, bringing the death toll to 10, Jiji Press reported. Trapped by Israeli tanks and Hamas gunmen, hundreds of terrified Palestinians on Tuesday holed up in a stench-filled concrete tunnel at a border crossing, desperately trying to flee the Islamic rulers of the Gaza Strip. President Viktor Yanukovych on Thursday defended a deal to allow a Russian base to stay in Ukraine until 2042 after it was slammed by his opponents as a surrender of national sovereignty. When he got the call, the one sending him a coast away, Mikko Eloranta was stressed. Not only was he just that obscure Finnish guy, a throw-in to the trade that brought high-scoring Jason Allison to the Los Angeles Kings, leaving Boston on Oct. 24 wasn't good timing. An Egyptian was jailed for 35 years by an emergency tribunal for spying for Iran Sunday in a sentence that cannot be appealed. Senate Republicans Wednesday rejected a bipartisan proposal to lengthen the home leaves of U.S. troops fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan, derailing a measure that war opponents viewed as one of the best chances to force President Bush to accelerate a redeployment of forces. Butch Miller ended Johnny Sauter's winning streak at five races Saturday night, taking the American Speed Association's tires.com 300 at Berlin Raceway. The International Labor Organization (ILO) Tuesday launched in Nepal a funding project aimed at ensuring the sustainable liberation of some 75,000 bonded laborers who were recently freed from decades of debt bondage by the Nepalese government.
t5494 Two people have been killed and dozens wounded in a grenade attack on a market place in central Bujumbura, state radio said Saturday. Nepal's prime minister suggested the king give up his throne ahead of crucial elections to decide the political future of this Himalayan nation, news reports said Monday. Ukraine is seeking a new 12 billion-dollar loan from the International Monetary Fund as it struggles to recover from the economic crisis, a spokeswoman for Deputy Prime Minister Sergiy Tigipko said Tuesday. Cardinal Bernard F. Law of Boston was ordered on Wednesday by a Massachusetts judge to give a deposition in a lawsuit involving his failure to remove a priest despite repeated accusations that the priest had abused young boys. European Central Bank head Jean-Claude Trichet voiced "concerns" Thursday about reforms to the European Union's fiscal rules agreed by EU leaders this week. Unexpected because after years of NASA publicity bombardment, most people no doubt figure they know as much as they want to about America's string of Apollo missions to space. I know I did. But this fresh and compelling film, made with intelligence and emotion by British director David Sington, Jon Favreau figured he was done with art imitating life after he wrote and starred in ``Swingers,'' the indie-film hit inspired by his Hollywood club-hopping. The Indonesian government is set to recapitalize the country's central bank, Bank Indonesia, within this week, acting governor of the bank Anwar Nasution said, indicating that Friday is probably the day for the initial process.
t8297 French first division side Bordeaux, eliminated from all national and European cup competitions and currently lying tenth in the table, have sacked their Portuguese manager 'Toni' (Antonio de Oliveira). "I will tell you the things that would be the same, fame or no fame. Being up all night would be the same. Liking empty restaurants, liking empty movie theaters -- unless I am starring in it." -- John Travolta. The conservative Fidesz party secured a two-thirds majority in parliament after the second round of Hungarian general elections on Sunday, based on 75 percent of votes counted. Millions of lower and middle-class families are struggling to keep up with the costs of caring for children and other dependents, but many states do little to help them, says the National Women's Law Center in Washington, D.C. Pope John Paul II was laid to rest in Saint Peter's basilica Friday after an elaborate and emotional funeral rite attended by about one million people and watched by countless others around the world. This m onth marks the 80th anniversary of the premiere of "The Jazz Singer," the Al Jolson vehicle with music and a few lines of dialogue that ushered in the sound era. "The Jazz Singer" arrived at a time when silent films were at their apex. Last Friday night, state troopers called to a mobile home in Belvidere confronted a crime not seen in Vermont in more than a half-century: Four people had been shot to death. ISLAMABAD, November 29 (Xinhua) -- A two-day Regional Information Technology Conference (RITCON-2001) for South Asian countries will be held in the Pakistani city of Lahore in January 2001, it was revealed Wednesday.
t697 The US decision to abandon a strategy of gradual troop reductions in East Asia was intended in part to counter the perception of a power vacuum in a region of crucial economic importance, US officials say. Israeli political and military leaders pledged Sunday to keep up the pressure on Gaza after a cross-border raid by Palestinian militants, a failed attempt to capture a soldier. European Central Bank head Jean-Claude Trichet said on Monday that agreement among eurozone finance ministers on the modalities of a possible aid package to Greece was "positive." For the last several weeks, ``Lagaan: Once Upon a Time In India,'' a 3 1/2-hour movie about cricket, became the emblem of this country's aspirations. The revised US stance on nuclear talks with Iran was a "very welcome" move that could bolster the success of negotiations led by Europe, the UN nuclear agency chief said Wednesday. The unrelenting carnage across Iraq continued Sunday, with at least 49 people killed in explosions, shootings and stranglings, a day after as many as 150 people were killed in the suicide bombing of a northern Iraq marketplace. Three-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher won Sunday's French Grand Prix, driving to an easy victory over younger brother Ralf. The Philippine peso continued to loose ground against the U.S. dollar early Monday amid lingering concerns over the country's political woes.
t3471 Egypt expects a positive gesture from Israel within the next three weeks on their row over the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), a foreign ministry official said Monday. British investment group HgCapital pulled out of a deal combining the world's two largest makers of crash-test dummies after EU regulators said it would create a quasi-monopoly, the European Commission said Thursday. A Gaza militant was shot and believed killed when Israeli forces opened fire after he lobbed a hand grenade at them on Friday morning, military sources said. Light years ago, while working late in a darkened computer lab at the University of Seattle, Joe Loughry became fascinated with the lights blinking on the face of his modem. They seemed to be relaying information about the long file transfer he had started, and he wondered exactly how European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso called on French leaders to work to clarify public "misunderstandings" about the EU constitution and plans to free up Europe's service sector. --When many packets of different ingredients go on the grill at the same time, it's handy to apply stick-on labels. They might brown but will not burn, and they'll be helpful, especially when it's time to check doneness. Dale Earnhardt Jr. extracted a storybook triumph from the tragic scene of his father's death Saturday night, winning the Pepsi 400 and producing the most poignant turn yet to this bittersweet season. Israel's Justice Minister Yossi Beilin appointed a commission of inquiry on Monday to investigate the conflict between Israeli police and Israeli Arabs that occurred in October following the outbreak of the Israel- Palestinian bloody clashes in the Palestinian territories.
t2438 The financial rand's discount to the commercial unit fell to 3.25 percent Friday fuelling renewed speculations that the government will abolish the two-tier currency system soon. Suspected al-Qaida insurgents early Wednesday destroyed the two minarets of the Askariya Shiite shrine in Samarra, authorities reported, in a repeat of a 2006 bombing that shattered its famous Golden Dome and unleashed a wave of retaliatory sectarian violence that still bloodies Iraq. A violent volcanic eruption in Iceland spewed clouds of ash into the air for a second day Thursday, blanketing large parts of the Nordic country in the potentially toxic dust and disrupting air traffic across northern Europe. In South America, the leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, controls lucrative coca fields that finance a terror campaign against the government. In the Philippines, the Abu Sayyaf group kidnaps people to sustain its separatist dreams. In Sri Lanka, the violent Tamil Tigers have a fleet of US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visited Saturday the highly secretive command post for US-South Korea joint forces as the two allies kicked off an annual military exercise. Question: Whenever I make chicken on the grill, it winds up burned on the outside, or raw on the inside -- or both. What's the secret? Mzee is 42, headstrong and notorious for crashing through the electrified fence that surrounds a sprawling ranch in north central Kenya. Ghanaian President Jerry Rawlings has expressed great concern over the post-election killings in Cote d'Ivoire and urged states in the sub-region to step up their efforts to curb the crisis from escalating and spilling over, reported the News Agency of Nigeria on Wednesday.
t9120 Michael Jordan returned to his record-setting ways here Tuesday, scoring 55 points to lead the Bulls to a 113-111 victory over the New York Knicks. The Vatican on Saturday bid farewell to Tony Blair as British prime minister, wishing him well in what it said were his plans to work for Middle East peace and interreligious dialogue. The Pacific island nation of Nauru was facing possible political stalemate Monday after a weekend election returned exactly the same lawmakers to parliament, unofficial results showed. Hi my name is kalene and I'm searching for a job in homestead and I'm 14 years old can you please help me if so email me at tulipbunchyahoo.com thank you so much!!! Third-round play resumed at the storm-marred 69th Masters here Sunday, with leader Chris DiMarco and top rivals Tiger Woods and Thomas Bjorn facing a morning date with "Amen Corner". It's odd to see Juliette Binoche, the great French actress , stomping away on a treadmill, breathing heavily, even, yikes, sweating in a distinctly un-Gallic fashion. It's not that French women shouldn't exercise, but Binoche is best known for the ethereal innocence with which she has infused such films Stocks advanced in a difficult session Thursday that saw the major indexes rise on growing optimism about the economy and then give up ground amid more evidence that hopes for a turnaround this year are premature. Ethiopia will spend a total of 24.4 billion birr (about 3 billion U.S. dollars) in the 10-year road development project that started 1998, the Fortune weekly reported Sunday.
t9902 Japan announced Friday a sweeping five-year program to deregulate its economy aimed at opening its domestic market to foreign competition and narrowing price gaps with other countries. France pressed Monday for international financing of a new, enlarged peacekeeping force for Darfur, and decried the world's lack of action on the crisis there. "Silence is killing," said President Nicolas Sarkozy. Shareholders in the part-nationalised Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) voted overwhelmingly Wednesday for a new bonus scheme for top bosses, after the bank agreed to look again at a key condition. Rankings reflect sales figures for the week ending April 27 at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other retailers, statistically weighted to represent sales in all such outlets nationwide. The number of titles within the two subdivisions of nonfiction can change from week to week, reflecting changes in Chad has suspended its efforts to mediate in the conflict in neighboring Sudan's western Darfur region, the president's office said Monday. J. Thomas Schieffer, the U.S. ambassador to Japan, sent President Bush an unusual private cable this week warning that the pending nuclear deal with North Korea could harm relations with Japan. He also complained that the U.S. Embassy had been left in the dark while the deal -- which An art display at the Los Angeles Internation Airport has been covered up because some travelers complained about the nudity of the male figures in the sandblasted granite slabs. The ruling rejected Gore's request for a manual recount in two counties in Florida and to overturn Republican George W. Bush's certified victory in the state that stands to pick the next president.
t7037 Colin Ferguson was given the maximum six consecutive life sentences in court here Wednesday for gunning down six people on a packed Long Island commuter train in December, 1993. Some airline passengers remained stranded early Wednesday at New York City's three major airports after their flights were delayed for hours or canceled because of stormy weather in the Midwest. Belgian Prime Minister Yves Leterme resigned Thursday after a key Flemish party withdrew its support and toppled his coalition government, a senior minister announced. When her 85-year-old mother died of stroke complications, Karen Kasel knew it was going to be hard for some family members and friends to make it to the funeral in Pueblo, Colo. There were grandchildren in California, an aunt in Arizona and an elderly aunt who could not travel Vietnam's industrial output rose 14.4 percent in the first three months of this year to 101,262 billion dong (6.4 billion dollars), the General Statistics Office said Monday. International: IRAN-AHMADINEJAD -- CAIRO, Egypt -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, a flinty populist in a zip-up jacket whose scathing rhetoric and defiance of Washington are often caricatured in the Western media, has transcended national and religious divides to become a folk hero across the Middle East. 1,050 words, by On the same day doctors offered good news about the condition of the 8-year-old boy healing after a shark tore off his arm, a surfer some six miles from that attack felt a shark's jaw close on his leg. ISLAMABAD, November 22 (Xinhua) - Pakistan's export of leather products registered an increase of 30 percent during the first four months of fiscal 2000-2001 over the same period of last year, Chairman of Pakistan Tanners Association Farukh H.Sheikh said in a TV program Tuesday.
t9433 Mayors and municipal leaders from 159 cities and towns in 65 countries called Wednesday on local authorities -- and those in industrialised nations in particular -- to work to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by at least 20 percent of 1990 levels by the year 2005. Thailand will investigate the source of the funds that ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra will use to buy Britain's Manchester City soccer club, the Thai finance minister said Sunday. Greece on Tuesday said it urgently needed EU and IMF funds by May 19 to pay maturing debt and was unable to access financial markets amid an "unhelpful" political situation in Europe. An off-duty police officer was clearly driving drunk last August when his minivan struck a pregnant woman and her family in Brooklyn, but he was not responsible for their deaths, his lawyer told jurors Thursday during closing statements in his manslaughter trial. A court Monday delayed the trial of eight Islamic teachers accused of masterminding separatist attacks in southern Thailand and charged with treason and terrorism. Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani implored an audience of religious and social conservatives to look beyond their differences over abortion and other issues as he sought to allay their fears that his nomination would mean the abandonment of the GOP's core principles. A Russian nuclear submarine launched a rocket to test a prototype of an American-sponsored spacecraft that sails on the gentle pressure of the sun's rays. The Asian Development Bank (ADB) approved Tuesday an 18.6 million U.S. dollars loan to Cambodia to increase the country's electricity supply and make it more reliable.
t225 British troops in Cyprus are to be deprived of live Premier League football on their own satellite TV station, starting on March 19 with the Liverpool-Manchester United clash. U.S. President George W. Bush, in his first meeting with Pope Benedict XVI, defended his humanitarian record around the globe, telling the papal leader on Saturday about U.S. efforts to battle AIDS in Africa. Iran has emerged as the world's seventh largest consumer of cosmetics, spending 2.1 billion dollars annually on various beauty products, state-run Engish language Iran Daily newspaper said on Sunday. It may be that the form and function of the ninth generation of the Toyota Corolla came about because of simple, enduring evolution. Tropical Cyclone Ingrid flattened an Australian tourist resort early Wednesday and then lost intensity after battering the country's northern coastline for almost a week. Federal authorities said Friday they had discovered and sealed a long, crudely built tunnel for drug trafficking that connected two small homes in a hillside neighborhood on the Arizona-Mexico border. Three politicians who were jailed 37 days for protesting Navy bombing exercises on the Puerto Rican island of Vieques celebrated their release Friday and vowed to continue the fight. Sydney Olympic Games chief Michael Knight has been appointed to the International Olympic Committee's coordination commission overseeing the Athens 2004 Games.
t649 Iranian archaeologists have uncovered the ruins of an ancient town dating back to the period of the Sassanians who ruled Persia from the 3rd to 7th centuries, the official agency IRNA said Sunday. Solidarity founder Lech Walesa has published on the Internet about 500 pages of files kept on him by the communist-era secret police in an attempt to disprove allegations that he collaborated with the hated secret services, he said Sunday. Donors have approved a two-year 87 million dollar budget for Cambodia's UN- backed court set up to try former Khmer Rouge leaders, the tribunal said Monday. As Richard and Jenny Breining and their children were lighting candles Tuesday night at their home here, flashbulbs went off, a newspaper reporter furiously scribbled notes and the blazing lights of a television camera upstaged the tiny flames. OPEC countries will immediately raise their crude oil production ceiling from 27 to 27.5 million barrels per day and will consider raising quotas by a further 500,000 bpd if oil prices stay high, the cartel said in a statement after meeting Wednesday. Every morning when I was in fifth grade, I walked a mile down the road to Stephen Foster Elementary, my neighborhood school. Then I got on a yellow school bus and rode across town. The Supreme Court had issued a desegregation order. It was 1970. Men had landed on An anti-smoking radio advertisement featuring the sound of flatulent cows was pulled by the state Health Department amid complaints it was in poor taste. A draft on Extradition Law was submitted to the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, China's top legislature, for deliberation this morning.
t5942 First Lady Hillary Clinton said Sunday she had not decided whether to attend the UN conference in Beijing on women after the Vatican and China sought to bar some groups from speaking. Three powerful lobbying forces -- automakers, electric utilities and the coal industry -- are confounding Democrats' efforts to forge a less-polluting U.S. energy policy. Thailand's anti-government protesters on Tuesday cancelled plans to march on Bangkok's financial hub, saying they were thwarted by thousands of troops who poured in to protect the district. Hind Bandak, a 52-year-old Palestinian born and raised in Bethlehem, was married in the Church of the Nativity. It was also the scene of her son's baptism, his wedding and his son's baptism. Indonesian share prices are expected to trade mixed to higher in the coming week after falling this week, dealers said Friday. It was a highly unprofessional argument that encouraged jurors to dismiss the opinions of any experts who appear on behalf of wealthy defendants as, in effect, purchased testimony. Yet the fact is that such witnesses are not only available to the rich; even a public defender is allowed to Human Rights Watch accused Pakistan, Iran and Russia of providing weapons for Afghanistan's civil war and wants a U.N. arms embargo to apply to all sides in the brutal conflict. The European Commission has asked agriculture ministers from the European Union (EU) member states to confirm their satisfaction with the implementation of BSE controls amid public concerns.
t3423 Baring Securities (Singapore), the local securities arm of the failed merchant banking group Barings, is to resume trading here on Tuesday. China's Health Ministry announced strengthened controls Thursday to ensure the safety of the blood supply, vowing to crack down on illegal collections ten years after the country banned blood sales. Nearly 800 people were killed and more than 11,000 injured in a strong earthquake that rocked a remote mountainous area of northwestern China, according to the latest official toll issued Friday. Family tragedies don't come any more freaky than ``Frailty,'' a superb Southern Gothic slice of horror that is easily the sickest movie to arrive in theaters in a very long time. And I mean that in the nicest way possible. A military court in Warsaw on Monday upheld a five-year jail term for a former Polish intelligence officer who was convicted one year ago of spying for the United States. The governor and acting police chief of a southern province were killed Saturday in a roadside bombing, raising fears of a backlash in an area that has been beset with fighting between rival Shiite factions. Rockies left-hander Denny Neagle left Colorado's game against the Anaheim Angels after one inning when he aggravated a strained hamstring Saturday night. A large TNT bomb explosion blew off part of a polling station early Monday morning after the renewed general elections in Tanzania's semiautonomous Zanzibar archipelago.
t1670 The Bundesbank on Wednesday withdrew a net sum of 100 million marks (73.5 million dollars) from the banking system under a 14-day repurchase arrangement at an unchanged fixed rate of 4.85 percent. The Yugoslav war crimes tribunal convicted a wartime leader of Croatia's rebel Serbs of murder, torture and persecution Tuesday and sentenced him to 35 years in prison for a brutal ethnic cleansing campaign of non-Serbs in Croatia. A late goal by Stephane Mbia boosted Marseille's hopes of a first French title since 1992 on Wednesday as they edged Sochaux 1-0. Contrary to widely held beliefs and longstanding taboos in America, first cousins can have children together without a great risk of birth defects or genetic disease, scientists are reporting on Thursday. They say there is no biological reason to discourage cousins from marrying. Russia said it was looking forward to an efficient outcome and a commitment to multinational dialogue in four-nation summit talks with France, Germany and Spain in Paris on Friday. Ricardo Varela, 36, an electrician from Rosemead, pursues gold the old-fashioned way: with a bucket and shovel. A relative newcomer to the banks of the San Gabriel River, he's been prospecting about six months and says he doesn't plan to move up to a suction dredge. The Milwaukee Brewers plan to name Henry Aaron, Rollie Fingers, Paul Molitor and Robin Yount as the first members of the team's Walk of Fame at Miller Park, the team said Tuesday. The Vietnamese Government plans to tighten its management of the operations of foreign representative offices in the country, local daily Vietnam News reported Friday.
t2188 Britain's second largest textiles group, Courtaulds Textiles, raised pre-tax profits to 47.3 million pounds (75.6 million dollars) in 1994, up 22 percent from 38.3 million pounds in 1993, the group said Thursday. Health officials trying to stop a globetrotting American honeymooner with a dangerous form of tuberculosis got little assistance from his lawyer father and his future father-in-law, a TB expert who not only balked at stopping the Greek wedding but went to the ceremony himself, according to e-mails obtained by Thailand's anti-government "Red Shirts" said Wednesday they would reinforce a mass rally in the heart of Bangkok's commercial district, leaving another protest site in the historic district. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Saturday, April 6 and Sunday, April 7, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. British tourists should return to Sri Lanka despite the devastating impact of the December 26 tsunami, Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Lakshman Kadirgamar said here Friday. Here we go again. Only five trading sessions after the widely watched Dow Jones industrial average gladdened many investors by closing above the 14,000 milestone for the first time, it sickened stomachs instead. The venerable barometer of blue-chip U.S. stocks plunged by as much as 450 points in the A typhoon lashed southern Taiwan early Thursday, hours after it battered the northern Philippines with winds nearing 90 mph and heavy rains that left at least 23 people dead there. U.S. President Bill Clinton signed a bill Monday to approve an additional 1 billion dollars over five years for rural schools and roads in the country.
t9218 The French state-controlled Total oil company increased net profits after minority interests by 14.0 percent to 3.385 billion francs (692 million dollars) in 1994 from 2.965 billion francs in 1993, the company said on Wednesday. The USS Trenton, named for New Jersey's state capital, has a new name now that its become part of the Indian navy. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down over 200 points on Tuesday as concerns about a eurozone debt crisis prompted heavy losses in the financial sector. For over a century, the NYPD mounted unit has patrolled the streets of New York from the saddle, a constant presence at parades, protests and in Central Park. From the officers, who are often the second or third generation in their families to serve in this elite unit, to Catholic cardinals took a break Sunday from their daily deliberations as an account emerged by Pope John Paul II's private secretary of a purported miracle that could help any claim for sainthood. The movie is set in the Middle East, but what happens to Jake Gyllenhaal's character in "Rendition" is a classic Washington tale. House Republican leaders hope to pass a broad energy package in the coming weeks that offers billions of dollars in tax breaks and favors for the coal, oil, and nuclear industries as well as conservation incentives. The industry in Shanghai has witnessed double-digit growth for nine years running and its industrial strength is close to medium developed countries, a senior Shanghai government official said Monday.
t5613 First-half goals from John Robertson and John Millar provided Hearts with a rare victory over six-in-a-row Scottish champions Rangers on Saturday. The German Soccer Federation will investigate reports of widespread use of amphetamine-like substances in the Bundesliga in the 1970s and '80s. Thailand on Tuesday toughened its stance against anti-government protesters, warning security forces would use live ammunition and tear gas in any fresh clashes. All sorts of sober sociological theories could be advanced to explain the anguished turmoil of adolescence. But as Anne-Sophie Birot's rich and insightful film ``Girls Can't Swim'' suggests, maybe it all really comes down to biology. Teen-agers' rage for experience is simply larger than the social structures that are Four Zimbabwean opposition supporters were hurt in an attack by ruling party activists in the north-western Zvimba province ahead of key parliamentary polls next week, the opposition party claimed Thursday. From Star Jones to Debbie Matenopoulos to Rosie O'Donnell to new arrival Whoopi Goldberg, there's been plenty of conflict on ABC's weekday talkfest over the past 10 years. "True Hollywood Story: The View" (Saturday at 5 p.m., E!) takes a 90-minute look back at the news-making series, with clips, European police on Thursday arrested three men wanted by the United Nations for crimes against humanity during the 1994 Rwandan genocide, including the country's former finance minister and a priest. Zimbabwean Finance and Economic Development Minister Simba Makoni Thursday hailed Zimbabweans for their resilience in the face of prevailing difficult economic conditions.
t6774 Russian ground forces took a major step towards encircling the Chechen separatist bastion of Shali on Wednesday by capturing a village just to the north, Chechen fighters said. Pennsylvania history and tourism leaders are launching a campaign to spotlight the state's role in slavery, both the positive and negative. The United States on Thursday condemned deadly grenade attacks in Bangkok and urged all sides in Thailand to exercise restraint. A startling confession blurted out in open court in February was the center of testimony on Tuesday in the trial of four men accused of kidnapping and killing the Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl. Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz was to leave for Washington Sunday to press home his criticism of the Palestinian leadership for not doing more to crack down on armed groups, his ministry said. What the research reveals is that NCLB has flaws, but changes can be made that preserve its basic goals of school accountability and student improvement. Three Democratic senators are complaining that Labor Secretary Elaine Chao has excluded injured workers and health care organizations from public hearings starting next week on work-related injuries. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,928.78 points Tuesday, down 32.21 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t207 Some 2,000 delegates of the Zulu nationalist Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) gather Friday night for a two-day meeting to decide whether to pursue a potentially disruptive parliamentary boycott they launched 10 days ago. The Church of England accused Sony Corp. on Saturday of using a cathedral in Britain as the backdrop to a violent computer game, and said it should be withdrawn from shop shelves. Thai soldiers did not fire live bullets at anti-government protesters in violent clashes in the capital that left 19 people dead and over 800 injured, a government spokesman said Sunday. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown was to unveil his annual budget Wednesday ahead of a looming general election, when his Labour government hopes to win a third consecutive term in office thanks to a robust domestic economy. Broadway theatergoers have grudgingly grown accustomed to the $100-plus ticket. But that's chump change compared with the price of admission to Mel Brooks' not-yet-opened musical, ``Young Frankenstein,'' whose ticket price will top out at a monstrous $450. The Pentagon has concluded that the commander of the Marine Corps' V-22 Osprey squadron falsified maintenance records but that the deception/ played no role in two fatal crashes of the tilt-rotor aircraft, Defense Department officials said Friday. While China has been the fastest growing tourism market for Thailand in the past decade, Chinese tourists find them not always being able to enjoy their trips to Thialnd -- a paradise destination for tourists worldwide. Instead, some of them are confused by many pitfalls they stepped in.
t4183 Loyalist prisoners at the top security Maze prison rioted for 10 hours Tuesday, injuring more than 50 guards, the Northern Ireland Office said. China's poorer border areas, left behind in the country's economic transformation, will see a boost of spending to improve infrastructure and also help douse separatist activity, the government said Friday. Massive ash clouds from a volcanic eruption in Iceland reached Turkey Sunday, forcing the shutdown of airspace over three provinces in the country's north, the air authority said. Rep. Cynthia McKinney drew flak on Friday for her suggestion that the Bush administration may have had advance warnings of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, but the congresswoman defended her comment, saying the idea deserved investigation. Around a third of Eritrea's 3.5 million people have access to drinking water, the country's water ministry said on Tuesday, adding that lack of sufficient resources had stymied government efforts to boost the figure. -- Japan's Akashi Kaikyo Bridge is the world's longest suspension bridge, with a main span of 6,532 feet. (That's nearly 12 Washington Monuments laid end to end.) Staph bacteria can quickly swap genes with relatives to turn into virulent, dangerous germs that can cause disease and resist antibiotics, a new study shows. Assuring the public that he will submit himself to the impeachment process, Philippine President Joseph Estrada reiterated Thursday that he will only make his graceful exit from office in 2004 when his term ends.
t2668 The European Union on Friday demanded the immediate release of a Spanish trawler seized by Canada and protested the action by refusing to consider a scientific cooperation agreement with Ottawa. Chrysler will invest $450 million (euro339 million) into its Kenosha Engine Plant so it can manufacture the company's next generation of V-6 engines. Rescuers and aid supplies began slowly rolling in Thursday to a remote area of northwest China flattened by a devastating quake that left more than 600 people dead and 100,000 homeless. The tape that runs in coach Herman Edwards' head was vivid enough to help him decide that the Jets needed Sam Cowart at linebacker. Tens of thousands of people marched through European cities Saturday, banging drums, waving banners and posters denouncing the "war on terror" on the second anniversary of the US-led invasion of Iraq. U.S. commanders in Kuwait said Wednesday that they have enormous capability to handle the tens of thousands of troops and their equipment that would stream out of Iraq during a U.S. withdrawal. Paul Walker plays an undercover detective posing as an import-car street racer in the new movie, ``The Fast and the Furious.'' The United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Jordan on Thursday urged the international community to exert pressure on Israel to "end its racist and heinous practices against the Palestinian people," the official WAM news agency reported.
t3534 Britain said Monday it was seeking to bolster defence and trade cooperation with Gulf Arab states, which rank among the largest markets for arms and consumer products. The Wall Street Journal is raising its weekday newsstand price in the U.S. next month from $1 (euro.75) to $1.50 (euro1.13), the newspaper's parent company, Dow Jones &amp; Co., said Thursday. The leader of Britain's third biggest political party triumphed in a historic first pre-election TV debate, polls said Friday trouncing his high-profile rivals in the election race. The parents of Stephen Tsiorvas and Wade King, two Bellingham, Wash., 10-year-olds, said Wednesday that they would not stop pushing for tougher laws and stricter oversight of the companies that operate fuel lines. Portuguese police said Monday they had arrested a 30-year-old man suspected of shooting dead two police officers at close range in a troubled Lisbon suburb Sunday after he was asked for identification. The longest-serving member of the New Orleans City Council resigned Monday, hours after pleading guilty to charges that he took kickbacks from a businessman who wanted to keep a parking lot contract for the French Quarter. The ingenuity of a nomadic people in northwest Africa could lead to the eradication of the millennia-old guinea worm disease. The Philippine peso strongly rebounded against the greenback Monday after banks unwound long dollar positions as sentiment perks up on hopes President Joseph Estrada steps down soon.
t6455 Kuwait is the second-biggest shareholder in the German Daimler-Benz industrial group, owning 12.96 percent of the capital, the company said on Tuesday. Pakistan's foreign minister said Tuesday that Britain should not be surprised by the violent reaction in the Muslim world to the knighthood awarded to writer Salman Rushdie. North Korean soldiers believe a South Korean warship which sunk last month was hit in a premeditated military operation approved by leader Kim Jong-Il, a South Korean activist said Wednesday. In this charming bedroom town of tall trees and rolling roads, there once was an old man who awoke every morning and shuffled his feet over a creaking floor to a tiny square room where he composed fables and stories and novels. The Carl Vinson carrier strike group relieved the Harry S. Truman group on March 20 in the Gulf, the US Navy's Fifth Fleet announced Saturday. When financial institutions are not anticipating a decline in interest rates, it's common for longer-term CDs to carry a higher interest rate than short-term commitments'. To take advantage of the longer-term rates, an investor can build a "ladder" of CDs in a way that ties up most of the Astronauts powered up two robot arms early Saturday in preparation for the installation of a new $164 million doorway to space at the international space station. An Asia-Pacific business sector meeting will be held here between November 23 and 24 to promote intra-regional trade under the Bangkok Agreement, a regional trade pact, the Bangkok-based Economic and Social Commission for Asia and Pacific (ESCAP) announced here Monday.
t2155 The UNHCR suspended relief supplies Thursday to Bosnian Moslem dissidents and their Croatian Serb allies who are blocking UN aid bound for Bosnia's Bihac enclave, a spokesman said. The family taken into custody after refusing medical treatment for their teen's cancer has filed a federal lawsuit saying their constitutional rights were violated. Japanese shares closed 0.39 percent higher on Wednesday, with investors following Wall Street's strong lead where the markets were helped higher by US chip maker Intel's net profit. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, APRIL 5, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Britons will be able to watch the church blessing of next month's wedding of Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles live on television, royal officials said Friday, although the marriage itself remains private. Israeli forces killed at least four Islamic militants in several airstrikes Thursday, including a high-ranking commander of Islamic Jihad in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian and Israeli officials said. Sandy Alomar doubled home the winning run in the ninth inning Wednesday night as the Chicago White Sox rallied to beat Minnesota 4-3 and end the Twins' five-game winning streak. New Zealand Sport, Fitness and Leisure Minister Trevor Mallard has praized the New Zealand Paralympian Team for doing the country "proud".
t9442 More than 30 people were killed in clashes in northern and central Burundi on Tuesday, the Burundi News Agency said Wednesday in a report monitored by the BBC. Lebanese troops raided a house suspected of containing al-Qaida-inspired militants in the northern port city of Tripoli early Sunday, sparking a gunbattle that left 10 people dead, including a soldier and six gunmen, security officials said. British financial regulators said on Tuesday they had fined the London branch of German bank Commerzbank 595,000 pounds for repeatedly failing to provide accurate transaction reports. Gov. Gray Davis said Thursday that television shows including ``Malcolm in the Middle'' and ``CSI: Crime Scene Investigation'' have saved several thousands of dollars through the state's ``Film California First'' rebate incentive program. A Qantas Boeing 747 and a similar Air New Zealand jet were involved in a near miss over Auckland International Airport on the weekend, New Zealand's Transport Accident Investigation Commission (TAIC) said Monday. The World Bank's new president, Robert Zoellick, is passing a major milestone: his first time leading the bank's annual meetings. As the world's finance and development ministers descended on Washington last week, Zoellick established himself firmly at the head of the most important agency designed to ensure that globalization Three days' rest wasn't nearly enough for Andy Pettitte. Two nights off were more than the Baltimore Orioles and Texas Rangers bargained for. China's Luo Xuejuan set a world record of one minute 06.18 seconds in the women's 100 breaststroke on Tuesday while Olympic gold medalists Grant Hackett and Michael Klim collected wins on the Australian leg of the World Cup short-course series at Melbourne's Aquatic Center.
t7274 Swiss food group Nestle reported Thursday that its consolidated net profit rose by 12.6 percent last year to 3.25 billion Swiss francs (2.8 billion dollars). An oil industry trade group said Wednesday it has developed standards to better protect workers from explosions like the 2005 Texas refinery explosion that killed 15 people and injured 170. Kyrgyzstan's new interim government said on Thursday it would hold a referendum on a new constitution on June 27 and elections for parliament and president on October 10. Everybody knew what to say and how to welcome British Prime Minister Tony Blair. Even the visit by President Vladimir Putin of Russia, a former adversary of the United States, seemed to inspire the residents of tiny Crawford. A powerful earthquake of measuring up to 8.5 on the Richter scale hit Indonesia's tsunami-devasted Sumatra island late Monday, causing major panic and power blackouts. Opening in Hollywood FRIDAY "Angels in the Dust" -- Documentary about a South African orphanage for children with HIV/AIDS. Directed by Louise Hogarth. Unrated. "Feast of Love" -- Academy Award winner Robert Benton ("Kramer vs. Kramer") directs this ensemble drama charting the romantic ups and downs of a group A suicide attacker set off a bomb at a train station in northern Israel on Monday, killing himself and two Israelis and injuring four other people, police and hospital officials said. The Shanghai B-share market dived down 1.88 points or 2.36 percent Thursday to close at 77.66 points, coming off its intraday low of 77.40.
t1884 The McLaren Formula One racing team said Wednesday that cockpit design problems were no more than a routine pre-season hiccup. Services union ver.di said Tuesday that it will resume negotiations with Deutsche Telekom AG, a sign that efforts to end five weeks of walkouts will begin again. The SS identity card of 90-year-old alleged former Nazi death camp guard John Demjanjuk is "authentic," an independent expert told his trial in Germany on Wednesday. Last Tuesday a group of lawyers filed a federal class-action lawsuit in New York on behalf of all African-American descendants of slaves. The lawsuit seeks compensation from a number of defendants for profits earned through slave labor and the slave trade. American gaming giant Las Vegas Sands unveiled plans Friday for a 1.8-billion-dollar casino complex that will set Asian gambling haven Macau on the road to becoming the world's biggest casino attraction. On the second day of a rare visit to Darfur, President Omar al-Bashir unveiled several development projects meant to bolster the war-torn province, but he did not visit any of the camps filled with people displaced by years of systematic violence blamed on militias linked to his government. The director of the disciplinary ``boot camp'' where a 14-year-old boy died was investigated last year for alleged child abuse at a similar camp he ran, The Arizona Republic reported Wednesday. More Singapore men and women above 60 have been plagued by urological diseases over the last two decades, said Health Minister Lim Hng Kiang Sunday here.
t4520 India on Wednesday set aside nearly eight billion dollars for defence in fiscal 1995-96, a marginal increase over the previous year which leaves little funding for modernisation programmes. In his newly published book, Tour de France champion Floyd Landis claims the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency spent so much money in an obsessed mission to nail him for drug violations, it passed on prosecuting other cases. Early rain at the Chinese Grand Prix Sunday forced several drivers to pit for a change of tyres after Spaniard Fernando Alonso jumped the start before a three- car collision on the opening lap. Last May, NBC announced a new management structure at the top of the company, elevating the long-time president, Bob Wright, to the title of chairman. Andrew Lack, who had been president of NBC News, would become president and chief operating officer. China may seek redress at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) after the European Union slapped anti-dumping tariffs on several Chinese makers of a widely used synthetic fibre, state press reported Wednesday. A television reporter who was pushed against a cargo container while pursuing Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said Friday that she has filed a legal claim against the city. A prosecution expert said Tuesday that a former Ku Klux Klansman is faking some of his mental difficulties and is competent to stand trial for the 1963 church bombing that killed four black girls. "The quicker this gets resolved the better off it is for the nation," said Texas governor Bush, but Gore's campaign manager William Daley maintained that the legal system should "run its course."
t8419 Security forces shot dead eight militants from the outlawed Jamaa Islamiya group on Sunday and Monday in the southern Egyptian provinces of Asyut and Minya, police said. A graduate student who was behind the wheel when Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist David Halberstam was killed in a car crash will be charged with misdemeanor vehicular manslaughter, a district attorney said. Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki met with UN atomic watchdog chief Yukiya Amano in Vienna on Sunday, but there appeared to be no immediate breakthrough on a stalled nuclear fuel deal. Cuba's capital has a sovereign grand commander who wears a uniform, is privy to secrets and partial to symbolism. But he is not Fidel Castro. US oil giant ChevronTexaco is to build an oil refinery at its Escravos facility in Nigeria's oil-rich Niger delta, the boss of state-run Nigerian National Petroleum Corportation (NNPC) said Friday. "It's been a shocker for us," said Koreen Hayes, a niece of Willie Hayes, who died Sept. 30 at age 59. "This is identity theft and we're devastated because of it." Turkey's health minister says high school girls training to be nurses must be virgins and the virginity tests he is authorizing will protect the nation's youth from prostitution and underage sex. The eighth draft of the SEF says, "In the process of seeking national reunification, both sides of the straits adhere to the One-China Principle, but are differed on the understanding of the meaning of One China."
t5303 Petrol bombs were thrown at more Turkish targets in Switzerland, damaged two travel agencies but injuring no one, police said Friday. Beaten French presidential candidate Segolene Royal says she and Socialist Party leader Francois Hollande, father of her four children, are separating after some 30 years together. The euro tumbled against other major currencies in Asia on Monday as investors shunned risk amid concerns about fraud charges against Goldman Sachs, dealers said. For a woman who had spent the past 25 months in a Brazilian prison, using a hole in the floor for a toilet and a knee-high spigot for a shower, Gloria Trevi looked magnificent. Parties in the Dutch ruling centre-right coalition were due to hold crucial talks Thursday following the resignation of the deputy prime minister after losing a key senate vote on government reform. Vice President Cheney's top lawyer pushed relentlessly to expand the powers of the executive branch and repeatedly derailed efforts to obtain congressional approval for aggressive anti-terrorism policies for fear that even a Republican majority might say no, according to a new book written by a former senior Justice Department The nation's much-publicized teacher shortage is being felt keenly in New York, where a record 8,000 new teachers are needed by September. A woman in southwest China's municipality of Chongqing recently received 300 U.S. dollars in compensation for being scared by a blast from a gas-cooker in her kitchen.
t3854 The army announced Tuesday that another 3,600 permits would be allocated for Palestinians living in the West Bank and Gaza Strip to work in Israel. The Denver Zoo has a newly hatched Andean condor, only the second condor to hatch at a zoo anywhere in the world over the past year, officials said. Gabon's main oil workers union said Saturday it had suspended an "unlimited" strike after reaching an accord with the government to resume negotiations. Tears kept welling up in Arnold Palmer's eyes Thursday afternoon as he sat on a stage in the media room at Augusta National Golf Club. China's banking regulator Tuesday announced a new crackdown against official corruption following a string of massive graft allegations involving senior executives at major state banks. ``Help me,'' the young woman screams. ``They're coming, they're among us.'' No one on screen is paying attention, but we know what it means. Eight years after AT&amp;T barged into the mobile phone business by acquiring McCaw Cellular, the time has come to cut the wireless umbilical cord. As Americans went to the polls to choose either Republican George W. Bush or Democrat Al Gore to move into the White House, the market circled the break-even point and volume was light.
t2732 European football chief Lennart Johansson believes that known hooligans should have their passports taken away, to prevent them from causing trouble when teams travel abroad. Former media tycoon Leo Kirch filed a suit against Deutsche Bank AG and its former chief executive, seeking euro1.2 billion (US$1.6 billion) in damages over comments about the creditworthiness of his now-defunct media group. Strong growth figures from China and better-than-expected consumer spending data in the United States lifted most Asian markets Thursday on growing optimism over the global economy. In recent weeks, as relations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority have deteriorated from barely veiled hostility to open warfare, observers have increasingly asked how long Yasser Arafat can retain his position as president of the authority, who might succeed him and whether the chances for peace might be Arab foreign ministers enter a second and final day of talks Sunday to prepare for a summit later this week, as a Palestinian official said they had overcome differences over a new draft of a controversial Middle East peace plan. Marine Sgt. Lawrence Hutchins, the alleged ringleader of a plot to execute an Iraqi last year in Hamandiya, was convicted of murder Thursday but acquitted of a charge of premeditation that would have sent him to prison for life. A jury awarded a fired flight attendant $400,000 from the drug-testing laboratory that incorrectly determined she had cheated on a drug test. Ugandan Health Ministry announced here Thursday that one suspected Ebola case has been identified in Mbarara district in southern Uganda and a expert team has been dispatched to the district to confirm the case.
t6083 The European Union has failed in an attempt to convene a meeting of the North West Atlantic fisheries organisation from March 22 to 24 to discuss a dispute with Canada, it emerged here on Monday. The father of one of the Virginia Tech shooting victims asked state lawmakers to pass better gun laws and close the legal loopholes that allowed a student gunman to skirt Virginia's mental health system. Rwandan opposition leader and presidential hopeful Victoire Ingabire was arrested Wednesday on charges of denying the 1994 genocide and "collaborating with a terrorist organisation", an official said. James S. Martin Jr., the aeronautical engineer who oversaw the twin missions that produced the first maps and close-up pictures of Mars, died on Sunday in Rising Sun, the small town in far northeastern Maryland where he lived. He was 81. A Rwandan journalist said Friday he had appealed against a one-year suspended jail sentence and heavy fine handed down this week for defaming a senior official. Former Virginia governor Mark Warner will announce in an e-mail to supporters Thursday morning that he plans to run next year for the Senate seat being vacated by Republican John Warner. A car explosion blamed on Israel killed a suspected Islamic militant Friday, and Palestinian gunmen shot dead a Jewish settler in a West Bank road ambush. Each killing triggered a gun battle, including Israeli tank fire. Thousands of Mexican sugar workers declared a strike on Thursday for an indefinite period of time, demanding salary increases and debt payments.
t5405 Greek Premier Andreas Papandreou said Friday he detected "progress" in his country's relations with Albania and said a thaw with the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia could be on the cards. The Bush administration is poised to lift its economic and diplomatic embargo against a new Palestinian government in the West Bank since it no longer includes the Islamic militant group Hamas. Apple on Tuesday posted a second quarter net profit of 3.07 billion dollars, nearly double that of a year ago, on revenue that rose nearly 50 percent behind blockbuster iPhone sales. An organization that represents black police officers called a press conference last Sunday to take a cheap shot at the city's new police commissioner, Raymond Kelly. The Syrian opposition lives under the watchful eye of the regime and in the hope that reforms promised by President Bashar al-Assad when he came to power will get back on track and put an end to their isolation. Miyoshi Umeki, the Japanese-born singer and actress who became the first Asian performer to win an Academy Award, for her touching role as Red Buttons' wife in the 1957 film "Sayanora," has died. She was 78. Marlon Brando will make a special presentation to Michael Jackson at a Sept. 7 tribute concert at Madison Square Garden. Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben-Ami is to participate in the fourth Euro-Mediterranean foreign ministers meeting despite the violence with the Palestinians, his ministry said on Wednesday.
t1416 The Bank of Japan (BOJ), the central bank, will launch a "psychological war" to prop up the rapidly falling dollar, a bank source was quoted by Kyodo News Service as saying Tuesday. "Shrek the Third" had its premier in Britain on Monday, and the media event focused on two of its stars: movie actress Cameron Diaz and pop musician Justin Timberlake. France coach Raymond Domenech has warned that he would "shoot" any players unable to put aside their egos for the sake of the French team at the World Cup. It was a lovely Sunday afternoon song recital with one of the more popular classical singers around. So listeners at Alice Tully Hall on March 10 were probably more geared up for Schubert than for Tom Waits; they got both. And they almost certainly didn't expect to find themselves Trade ministers from 20 developing countries meet Friday in India to focus on hotly disputed farm subsidies and seek ways to nudge forward the World Trade Organisation (WTO) talks. If she were morally centered, Grace Hanadarko wouldn't need an angel. But her life is so unchaste: The Oklahoma City police detective drinks and smokes too much, drives too fast, and is having an affair with her co-worker, a married man. The European Union's 20-member executive Commission is expected Tuesday to block General Electric Co.'s $41 billion purchase of Honeywell International Inc. Construction of a ground station that will receive and send information from China's first oceanographic satellite, to be put into orbit next year, has started recently in Sanya on the southern tip of Hainan Province.
t6967 Former Rangers and Scotland winger Davie Cooper was rushed to hospital after collapsing while filming a coaching video here on Wednesday. A Roman Catholic priest turned down an offer on Wednesday to become the Philippine government's chief negotiator in peace talks with Muslim militants, after the guerrillas criticized the choice of a religious rather than political figure. France warned Thursday any of its citizens visiting Thailand to stay away from political protests in Bangkok, which it fears may turn violent. Samaki Walker understood the responsibility and he knew the comparisons would come, and so he spent the season trying to fashion himself into a younger, springier Horace Grant. China keeps a tight lid on information in its ethnic Kyrgyz region in a bid to control Muslim separatism, but snippets of news about the momentous events across the border are filtering through. FBI agents are looking into a neo-Nazi Web site, which has listed the home addresses and phone numbers of the six black teenagers charged in the beating of a white classmate in Jena, La., a bureau spokeswoman said Friday night. The Coast Guard abandoned its search Sunday for a crew member believed to have jumped overboard when an ammunition ship caught fire at an Army terminal, killing his co-worker. Hong Kong stocks plunged 2. 74 percent Wednesday with China Unicom, China's second largest mobile carrier, hit a one-month low.
t4108 US foreign trade registered its second worst performance in history in 1994 with a deficit of 155.67 billion dollars, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. Oil prices were down slightly Friday after rising overnight to a nine-month high finish on worries that the U.S. refining industry can't meet peak summer gasoline demand. London and Madrid are working on ideas to fly Britons stranded by the volcanic ash cloud to a Spanish hub and then sailing them back home, officials said. Croquetica walks in, and the sweating, jostling crowd parts. Croquetica is not her real name. Her name is Celine Otazu, but croquetas, a ham-and-flour staple of Spanish and Cuban cuisine, are her favorite food, and so she seized the word's diminutive form for her nickname. She is 6 feet British Prime Minister Tony Blair called Tuesday for religion to play a more prominent role in national life, an apparent appeal for support from faith-based organisations ahead of an imminent election. Mya Arulpragasam has a habit of scrunching up her mouth. In photographs, she often pulls her purple- or orange-painted lips into a hard-core rapper's sneer -- or a punk's, a bit of old Sid Vicious creeping into the visage of this 30-year-old, London-born, frequently displaced daughter of Sri Lanka. Gangs and security forces exchanged gunfire while opposition supporters erected roadblocks Monday, the third day of politically charged clashes. Police said at least six people have died. The document envisages the working out of concrete programs for organizing the output of consumer goods, foodstuffs, construction materials, etc.
t5192 Turkish authorities on Friday lifted a curfew from one of the Istanbul districts where sectarian violence has left at least 28 dead here this week, the Anatolia news agency said. Two U.S. astronauts stepped out of the international space station Sunday on the fourth spacewalk of space shuttle Atlantis' mission to the outpost. Shares in Germany's Lufthansa, Europe's biggest airline, fell sharply at the opening of the Frankfurt stock exchange, hit hard by the volcanic ash cloud that has grounded flights in Germany. A judge's ruling challenging the state's easing of rules for dumping of low-level nuclear waste in landfills likely will prompt a temporary halt to all shipments of material from the Santa Susana Field Laboratory in the hills between Los Angeles and Simi Valley, Rocketdyne officials said. Australia on Thursday delayed a serial child molestor's deportation to Britain after new allegations emerged that he raped a fellow inmate while in jail. Lawmakers are pushing regulators to police the mortgage business more vigilantly. They are preparing legislation that would overhaul standards for all home loans, imposing new regulation on brokers, independent lenders and investors who purchase mortgage-related securities. The Army is creating quick-strike combat brigades in four more states as part of the Pentagon's post-Cold War strategy of making the service nimble enough to ship thousands of troops anywhere in the world in a matter of days. The runoff for the third and final stage of Egypt's parliamentary elections started Tuesday morning, in which 250 candidates would compete for the remaining 125 seats.
t8802 Taiwan will reduce its army from 240,000 to 200,000 in the next two years in a bid to improve standards and cut costs, defense ministry officials said Tuesday. Space shuttle Atlantis headed for a landing Friday at its backup location in California after rain and clouds over Florida ruled out Kennedy Space Center. Poland was forced to call a snap presidential election when incumbent Lech Kaczynski died in an April 10 air crash in Russia. Last July 9, an important al-Qaida member arrived at a small airport near here on a tourist flight from Germany. Unlike millions of other foreigners who flock here to the Gold Coast in search of sun and fun, Ramzi bin al-Shibh slipped into a shadow world. Favourite Hedgehunter, trained in Ireland by Willie Mullins and ridden by Ruby Walsh, won the Grand National here on Saturday. Rep. John Lewis, a veteran civil rights activist and prominent African American member of Congress, endorsed Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination Friday. The sister of a veteran labor activist has been sentenced to three years in a labor camp for helping him stage a hunger strike, a human rights group said Thursday. Following are the final standings after Friday's last leg of the six-round figure skating Grand Prix qualifying series in Asahikawa, Japan, couting towards the Grand Prix Final in February in Tokyo:
t1894 An alliance led by ex-premier Silvio Berlusconi signed an agreement Wednesday with Christian Democrats of the Italian Popular Party (PPI) to form a new right-wing movement to contest upcoming local elections. Small businesses in Latin America will get help obtaining financing to grow through a U.S. sponsored program that will work with banks to open up new credit opportunities for entrepreneurs, Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said Tuesday. Chinese Super League champions Beijing Guoan and Japan's Kawasaki Frontale on Wednesday kept alive their hopes of reaching the AFC Champions League knock-out round. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Indonesia's military is to deploy thousands of elite troops to troubled Papua, dramatically increasing its presence in the province where it has been accused of misusing aid cash to fund a separatist crackdown, officials said Friday. A suicide bomber attacked a checkpoint near a planned meeting site of tribal leaders Sunday in a village north of the capital, killing at least three people and injuring 13, the U.S. military said. A gunman on a motorcycle killed a Catholic teen-ager early Wednesday in the bitterly divided Northern Ireland town of Antrim. Israelis were again warned of potential terrorist attacks on Sunday as intelligence indicates that certain terrorist groups have penetrated into the country.
t3242 Jordanian Foreign Minister Abdel Karim Kabariti held talks with his Iraqi counterpart Mohammed Said al-Sahhaf here Sunday on the eve of a UN Security Council review of the international embargo against Baghdad. The former head of Japan's public intelligence agency is under investigation for his role in a private land purchase from a group he kept tabs on that functions as North Korea's de facto embassy here, media reports said Thursday. Carlo Ancelotti admits Ashley Cole's return to fitness is a major boost to Chelsea's double bid, but the Blues boss has warned his players not to be distracted by talk of an historic triumph. For months, as the scandal over abusive priests unfolded in Boston, the archbishop, Cardinal Bernard Law, seemed damaged, but still in control. Chinese share prices closed 0.30 percent higher Monday lifted by bargain-hunting in the wake of recent sharp losses, dealers said. Do you need a post-``Lord of the Rings'' fantasy fix? Has movie romance failed to measure up since ``The Princess Bride''? Are you snapping out of your latest ``Harry Potter'' swoon? COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE_Fined Pittsburgh manager Lloyd McClendon $1,000 for walking off the field with first base during a game against Milwaukee on June 26. Following are the Frencn soccer first division team standings after Friday's match (tabulated under games played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against and points):
t296 REM drummer Bill Perry should make a good recovery after undergoing an operation for a brain hemorrhage, doctors said here Friday. Roger Federer can accomplish a lot by beating Rafael Nadal on Sunday, perhaps the least of which is simply winning the French Open. Investigators scrambled on Sunday to determine if pilot error was to blame for the fiery crash of a Soviet-era airliner that killed Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 96 others. The Jets cannot ease into the 2002 season like teen-agers wading into a cold pool. No, they are taking the plunge early, and may quickly ascertain whether they are going to sink or swim with a roster that has been retooled. Hong Kong Financial Secretary Henry Tang said Wednesday his budget will look after "all levels" of society but he would not be drawn on whether he will introduce substantial tax cuts. The fireworks start early when armies of robots go to war Monday night on the big screen with the opening of the expected sci-fi hit ``Transformers.'' Senate Republicans on Friday gave up trying to get assurances of automatic votes on President Bush's Supreme Court nominees as the Senate finally reorganized to reflect the new Democratic majority. South Asian nutrition experts Saturday urged the governments, industry and non-governmental organizations in the region to take coordinated steps to promote and facilitate food fortification with the aim of mitigating serious micronutrients deficiency in South Asian countries.
t9192 The resignation of Willy Claes is now a question of when not if, the Belgian press said Wednesday, increasing the pressure on the beleaguered NATO secretary general to step down. The speaker of Somalia's parliament said Saturday he was confident his country would hold a much-delayed national conference next month to help heal the wounds of 16 years of conflict in Somalia. French President Nicolas Sarkozy begins a visit to China on Wednesday aimed at reinvigorating ties tested two years ago over Tibet and at winning support from Beijing on new Iranian sanctions. The first necklace Allison Ferris made was from several pieces of her mother's macaroni and some wooden beads she found around the house. She was 10. While her epicurean jewelry never fueled a childhood hobby, Ferris's love for accessories never ended. Standing just a few paces from his enemy, the North Korean army's Lieutenant Colonel Sung Jong-Chol outlines his nation's case against the United States with surprising restraint. Within months, traffic stops in Prince William County, Va., may carry serious consequences for thousands of residents, as police officers begin checking the immigration status of anyone who breaks the law, whether for speeding or shoplifting, if they believe that person is in the country illegally. Rabbis linked to Jewish settlers urged their followers Thursday to march on the Temple Mount in defiance of a ban on Jews entering the site, a flashpoint in the Israel-Palestinian conflict. Former Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Monday that he will announce very soon his decision on whether to return to politics and run for premiership.
t4556 Canada has released a Spanish trawler at the center of an acrimonious fishing dispute with the European Union, EU officials said Wednesday. A second sextuplet born prematurely to a Minnesota couple has died, and the four surviving babies remained in critical condition, hospital officials said Friday. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Sunday that Israel, the "main instigator of conflict" in the Middle East, was on its way to collapse and that regional powers wanted it uprooted. Secretary of State Colin L. Powell met with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Sunday under the guns of Israeli troops in a day of high diplomatic drama but little tangible progress toward peace apart from a decision to keep talking. Powell called the talks ``useful and constructive.'' South Korea's top economic minister said Wednesday that the worst appeared to be over for the country's economy which was now on the path to recovery. The summer beach party scene could be coming to an end in Malibu for you and a brigade of other Hollywood B-listers like Sean Stewart, Jonathan Silverman and Nicky Hilton. Terrorism experts are warning that local and state authorities may not have the training or resources to respond to bioterrorism threats that could produce thousands of casualties. A Palestinian teenager was shot dead at mid-day Saturday and 10 others were injured during clashes with Israeli security forces at Erez crossing between Israel and Gaza Strip, according to Palestinian medical sources.
t7019 A proposal by ultra-nationalist leader Vladimir Zhirinovsky for ethnic origin to be used to chose between applicants for Russian citizenship caused uproar in the Russian parliament Wednesday. Israeli aircraft attacked Palestinian rocket launchers in northern Gaza on Wednesday, in the first Israeli airstrike since Hamas militants seized control of the coastal strip last week, the army said. An Irish bishop apologised to the victims of clerical child abuse Thursday after his resignation was formally accepted by the pope, and admitted he should have challenged a culture of secrecy. Have a question about the news? Colin Bessonette will try to get an answer. Call 404-222-2002, or write him at The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302, or e-mail him at q&AMP;a(at)ajc.com. Please include your name and hometown. Asia-Pacific economies may be expanding fast but growth will not be sustainable for much longer unless the region pays more attention to the environment, the United Nations said Monday. Spector, 67, is accused of killing Clarkson, 40, who was found shot to death in his mansion on Feb. 3, 2003. Prosecutors say Spector shot Clarkson when she tried to leave against his wishes. Spector's attorneys say she was depressed over her faltering career and money problems and shot Jacques Rogge, a Belgian surgeon with a pristine reputation and consensus-building style, was elected president of the International Olympic Committee. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 2,113.3 points Wednesday, up 15.32 points from the last close.
t5459 Ukraine Saturday lifted a cordon of soldiers placed around the Crimean parliament allowing deputies to enter and leave the building freely, a Crimean parliament spokesman said. The world's largest mining company, BHP Billiton Ltd., pledged US$300 million (euro226 million) to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, part of a revised approach to climate change unveiled Monday. Zimbabwe's mining sector will be the first target of the country's drive to force foreign firms to cede a majority stake to locals, the indigenisation minister said Tuesday. IBM, the world's biggest computer maker, blamed balky customers for the 32 percent drop in first-quarter profits that the company reported Wednesday. German national coach Jurgen Klinsmann believes his team must be one of the fittest in world football if they are to achieve their aim of World Cup glory in 2006. "Shoot 'Em Up" is set in that modern hell where stories go to die: the pop gunk hole of movies, video games and graphic novels. It has no relation to life on Earth, Mars or Alpha Centauri. The Navy removed Padre Island from a list of potential warfare training sites to replace controversial Vieques Island, a spokesman said. Developing countries in the Asia-Pacific region should be given more access to transport and communication, which is a prerequisite for their economic growth, a senior United Nations official told a regional meeting here Wednesday.
t839 Hong Kong's pro-democracy forces claimed victory Monday in the first -- and likley last -- municipal council elections to be held under Governor Chris Patten's political reforms. Matthew Williams was dragged from his hospital bed and lynched outside the former Wicomico Hotel. Two years later, George Armwood was stabbed and hanged before the mob dragged his body to the Somerset County courthouse and set it on fire. Oil prices rose in Asian trade Monday as the euro firmed against the US dollar and on the back of indications of improved Chinese demand, analysts said. Wizards coach Doug Collins said last week that he did not think that Michael Jordan would return for the 2002-03 season. Collins thinks the wear and tear on Jordan's surgically repaired right knee will prevent him from honoring the two-year deal he signed with the club before the start Two Malawian journalists, arrested and charged with publishing false information for reporting that President Bingu wa Mutharika had moved out of a palace because he feared it was being haunted, has been granted bail, their lawyer said Wednesday. The center hall is a remarkable 60-foot alley that shotguns the strong breezes of the eastern Chesapeake Bay straight through the main house. Marilyn Hannigan spied it through the dusty windows of the double front doors and fell in love. Although rookie Greg Biffle doesn't think risk-taking is such a great idea, it certainly worked to his advantage Sunday in the GNC Live Well 250. The first light-duty aircraft co-produced by China and the Czech Republic successively made its maiden flight in Guiyang, capital of southwest China's Guizhou Province today.
t3297 Two men named by police as the prime suspects in the murder of a top Russian television journalist were actually laborers who had done work in his apartment, a senior official said Sunday. A federal judge reversed his own ban on routine police videotaping of political activities, saying uncertainty had arisen about whether demonstrations at the heart of the case had been as law-abiding as participants maintained. Poland pushed ahead Friday with plans for the weekend funeral of president Lech Kaczynski despite a volcanic ash cloud that has disrupted air traffic and threatens the arrival of foreign leaders. The Palestinian men in the photographs are stripped to their underpants, some draped in Israeli army blankets. Underneath their pictures, their names are handwritten in Hebrew, followed by their identification card numbers. The European single currency is gaining ground in Asia even if it is a long way from replacing the dollar as the key currency in the region, a senior Hong Kong banking official said Monday. General Motors Corp. took another step Thursday in its quest to develop a car that will be able to travel as far as 40 miles a day on a single electric charge. Along the dusty road to Tulelake, homemade signs shout out a community's desperation: ``Welcome to the Klamath Project, largest water theft in history'' and ``Unemployed farmer will work 4 food.'' The latest peace effort made by Norwegian envoy Erik Solheim, which highlighted his recent meeting with reclusive Tamil Tiger rebel leader Veluppilai Prabhakaran in his northern jungle hideout of Wanni, has again rekindled peace hope for the war-torn Sri Lanka, but organizations and political parties have come out with
t3281 Hungary's cabinet devalued the forint by nine percent and introduced stringent belt-tightening measures at an extraordinary session focused on the economy Sunday, state-owned radio said. Workers of state-owned Indian Airlines on Thursday called off their strike that grounded dozens of planes and stranded thousands of passengers at airports across the country, the civil aviation ministry said. Renegade British Catholic bishop Richard Williamson was fined 10,000 euros (13,500 dollars) by a German court Friday for Holocaust denial in a case that has deeply embarrassed the Vatican. A developer with a national reputation is seriously exploring a plan to convert the 35-story former Fidelity National Bank building into the tallest apartment tower in Missouri. A law enforcement official in Kyrgyzstan said Monday that four officers had been killed the previous day during violent clashes with opposition supporters protesting a disputed parliamentary poll in the ex-Soviet republic. Anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan, who gained international fame by camping outside President Bush's Texas ranch to protest the war in Iraq, announced Thursday that she would challenge House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for her seat in Congress. Cautiously upbeat about the future, finance ministers from the world's top economic powers acknowledged Saturday that the global economy had slowed more than expected but insisted it was primed for a turnaround. Xinhua is releasing dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major Chinese regions in the first three quarters of this year.
t9479 Bill Koch's America3 syndicate, teetering on elimination from the Citizen Cup defender semifinals, has accused the America's Cup Defense Committee of conspiring with Dennis Conner's Stars and Stripes team to allow an illegal keel change. Rapper Foxy Brown -- who is on probation for an assault charge and facing a battery charge in another case -- had another brush with violence over the weekend. But this time, she was the victim, police said. Vatican number two Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone has said that priestly celibacy is not "untouchable" but is a "positive tradition" during an interview with a Spanish television station. I came across a new way to describe Wine Country _ rural chic. It's what a San Francisco writer called Healdsburg in a restaurant review. I broadened it to take in the whole of Wine Country as a definition of a place that sometimes seems so Marin and sometimes South Korea's economy will recover at a slower-than-expected pace because of sluggish private consumption and a struggling construction sector, a government report said Monday. Our tushies have been tingling at movie theaters this fall, and it's not just all that Pilates. It's that time of year when Hollywood sends out its Oscar bait and tests our endurance with a batch of bloated releases. An invitation-only audience gathered to hear British pop legend Elton John play a 90-minute set at a former czarist palace outside Russia's former imperial capital. More than 80 experts and scholars of law from both sides of the Taiwan Straits gathered here Tuesday to exchange views on legal issues of common concern.
t6320 The United States has been in direct contact with Iraq to try to obtain the release of two Americans who strayed into Iraq from Kuwait last week, White House spokesman Michael McCurry said Monday. Asian markets were mostly higher Tuesday, with property shares lifting Chinese stocks, while Japanese shares ended flat. Markets in Hong Kong and Taiwan were closed and will reopen Wednesday. China must let its currency appreciate for its own financial well-being, the IMF said Wednesday as it forecast two more years of red-hot expansion for the world's number-three economy. In Steven Soderbergh's film ``Traffic,'' an affluent white teen-ager (Topher Grace) shares an observation about career paths with the national anti-drug czar (Michael Douglas). As they drive through a rundown, predominantly black neighborhood, the boy suggests that if affluent white teen-agers saw every day the kind of money that A US Marine was killed in action Friday in the western Iraqi province of Al Anbar, the US Army announced in a statement Saturday. By Cathleen Decker (c) 2007, Los Angeles Times LOS ANGELES -- Barack Obama's name was never mentioned. In the meeting room at King/Drew magnet high school in Willowbrook , the word on everyone's lips as they lauded Democratic presidential contender Hillary Rodham Clinton on Friday was "experience ." Mark Buehrle pitched eight strong innings and the White Sox homered twice while taking advantage of Kerry Wood's wildness to beat the Cubs 7-2 Friday. He Luli, vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), met Sunday with a delegation from the Hiroshima Peace Culture Foundation of Japan led by its Chairman Kurokawa Hiroaki.
t3604 Afghan Shiite leader Abdul Ali Mazari was killed Monday, a spokesman for the Taliban movement in Pakistan and military commanders in Kabul said. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah movement handed a Saudi doctor over to the Lebanese army Thursday who had treated the leader of Islamic militants fighting Lebanese troops in a Palestinian refugee camp in northern Lebanon, a Palestinian official said. US and South Korean experts are inspecting the salvaged stern of a warship in the hunt for clues to the cause of its sinking near the North Korean border three weeks ago, officials said Friday. Taking Broadway's sometimes knotty labor battles to a different stage, two members of the Senate Judiciary Committee unveiled a bill Wednesday that would extend collective bargaining rights to many American playwrights. Zimbabwe's opposition patched up a dispute with South African government monitors Monday after accusing them of "prejudging" mext week's parliamentary polls as free and fair, a South African statement said. They do the jobs that few Iranians would consider. For $11 a day, the Afghans mend shoes, haul bricks, dig drainage channels, push giant wheelbarrows of scavenged debris through treacherous ribbons of cars. Astros starter Scott Elarton and manager Larry Dierker were ejected in the first inning of Houston's game against the Kansas City Royals on Sunday. The project, based in Tianjin, is part of a broader UNDP initiative to promote job creation and reemployment for laid-off women workers in China's urban areas, the agency said.
t2561 The Danish tabloid Ekstra Bladet on Friday named three frogmen who spooked security police at the UN World Summit on Social Development here earlier this week by surfacing in the port of Copenhagen before dawn. Hamas and Fatah gunmen exchanged fire Wednesday in the West Bank city of Nablus, after Fatah gunmen tried to storm a pro-Hamas TV production company. Ousted Kyrgyz president Kurmanbek Bakiyev on Thursday left the country for neighbouring Kazakhstan, a source in Kyrgyzstan's new interim government told AFP. Saturday night began with so much promise. The right-hander Jeff D'Amico, the last of the Mets' off-season acquisitions to make his debut, was working his way through the Braves' lineup Saturday night. Atlanta was looking silly at the plate and shoddy in the field, and the Mets built a Italy coach John Kirwan says he is not worrying about getting the sack, despite a hugely disappointing Six Nations campaign in which his team failed to muster a single point. OSI Pharmaceuticals reports that strong overseas sales of its cancer drug Tarceva beefed up its net income to $19.6 million in the second quarter ended June 30, compared to a net loss of $319.9 million for the same period a year ago. The government is reviewing a program that has allowed more than 3,800 police officers and teachers to buy homes at half price in economically depressed neighborhoods after auditors found widespread abuses. At least 70 people were killed when a Singapore Airlines Boeing 747-400 jet crashed in typhoon winds and burst into flames on takeoff at Taipei international airport Tuesday night, a Taiwanese aviation officials said Wednesday.
t6347 America3, still drawing fire for breaking up the first all-woman crew in America's Cup history, scored its first victory with Dave Dellenbaugh as tactician and starting helmsman here Monday. West Indies sought to bat out for a draw Tuesday on the fifth day of the fourth and final test against England, reaching 131 for four wickets in its second innings for an overall lead of 18 runs. Juan Antonio Samaranch, the former International Olympic Committee chief who died on Wednesday displayed "extraordinary vision and talent" in unifying the Olympic movement during his 21 years in charge, his successor Jacques Rogge said. LOS ANGELES - It's easy to look at the nine goals the Los Angeles Kings have allowed in their past two games, and the 2-0 deficit they face in their first-round series against the Colorado Avalanche, and assume that goaltender Felix Potvin deserves a seat at the end of A senior member of the banned Baath party of ousted leader Saddam Hussein was captured in a dawn raid by US and Iraqi forces on the eastern side of Samarra, north of the capital, said police. "I'm not walking around feeling sad or anything. I've done nothing wrong," Simpson told the Los Angeles Times. "I'm having a great time." Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder Derek Bell went on the disabled list for the second time this season Friday with a strained right hamstring. HARARE, November 19 (Xinhua) U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Susan Rice has denied claims that her country will offer support to the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) or call for pressure against any political party in Zimbabwe.
t3019 Impassioned philanthropist and art lover James Wolfensohn, named by President Bill Clinton to head the World Bank, left his Australian homeland in the 1950s to make his fortune in investment banking. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Wednesday that his mentor and friend Fidel Castro has "recovered his fastball," but needs more time to warm up before returning to the field. Dutch airline KLM said Saturday all its European flights from Amsterdam's Schiphol airport had been cancelled until at least 11:00 am (0900 GMT). Los Angeles is close to locking up the rights to the 2004 NBA All-Star Game, multiple sources told the Daily News. Al-Qaeda on Sunday claimed responsibility for a suicide attack in northern Iraq that killed the head of the local anti-corruption authority and two of his guards. Among other upcoming programs recalling the Aug. 31, 1997 tragedy: ``Diana: Her Last Ten Days in Pictures'' (Sunday at 7 p.m. on TLC): Photos of the princess as she began rebuilding her life. Highlights of the case against Robert Hanssen, from federal documents filed Friday in U.S. District Court as he pleaded guilty to spying for Moscow. Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji and Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov signed a joint communique at the fifth regular meeting between the prime ministers of both countries in Beijing Friday.
t7718 Officials from the three countries overseeing the peace process in Angola met here Friday to discuss fighting endangering the four-month ceasefire between Angolan government troops and rebel UNITA forces. Logistics company Brambles Ltd. said Thursday that sales growth in its European pallet and container pooling business was sluggish, prompting investors to sell off shares to their lowest level in month. Two US soldiers have died from wounds sustained in a gun battle with Taliban- linked insurgents near Afghanistan's capital Kabul, the NATO-led force said Friday. Toxic chemicals used by salmon farms could be killing off tiny animals that are vital to the marine food chain, scientists warn in a confidential report for the British government leaked to New Scientist. Consumer sentiment in South Korea improved for the third straight month in March, raising hopes that domestic consumption may soon start recovering from a protracted slump. Pro Football: FBN-MONDAY -- CINCINNATI -- The Bengals (1-2) play the Patriots (3-0), who are trying to become the first team in NFL history to score 38 points in every game. Developing, by David Heuschkel (Courant). College Football: FBC-IRISH-ROSE -- PASADENA, Calif. -- Outlined against the "rock-ribbed ledges" of Manufacturing activity plunged in June for the ninth month in a row as the beleaguered industrial sector continued to suffer heavy damage from the yearlong economic slowdown. Iran's health minister warned on Sunday of the danger of the AIDS and called for efforts to prevent the deadly disease from spreading.
t9714 A Swedish man who lost his artificial arm during a ski outing has recovered his limb, news reports said Thursday. Lawmakers seeking tougher oversight of commodity exchanges assert in a report that "excessive speculation" dealt a fatal blow to Amaranth Advisors LLC, which helped drive up heating bills last winter before it lost some $6 billion (euro4.5 billion) on its natural gas bets. Singapore throws open the doors of its second casino Tuesday as part of a 5.5 billion US dollar complex built by US gaming giant Las Vegas Sands. President Bush acted lawfully in sending his gubernatorial papers 118 miles away to his father's presidential library instead of the state archives across the street from the capitol, but the documents are state property and subject to Texas' open-records law, the Texas attorney general, John Cornyn, decided Friday. Fifty warships from 15 NATO countries are to take part in the alliance's Loyal Mariner (Blue Game) 05 exercise, which started Monday in the Baltic Sea, the Lithuanian defense ministry said. The next time the boss finds you leaning back in your chair, feet up, eyes shut, tell her that you're napping for medical purposes. Stock prices dipped lower Friday on a profit warning from Microsoft, which heightened investors' fears that an economic turnaround won't happen soon. Share prices opened high but closed lower on the Taiwan Stock Exchange Wednesday, with the weighted index, the market's key barometer, moving down 28.58 points to close at 5,170.62, according to reports reaching here from Taipei.
t1008 Losses from the collapsed merchant bank Barings, stand at 916 million pounds (1.47 billion dollars), a solicitor for the bank's administrators said on Monday. China's politically sensitive trade surplus soared in May to the third-highest monthly level on record, according to figures reported Monday, amid growing pressure from U.S. lawmakers for sanctions against Beijing. US President Barack Obama said Tuesday he was confident about the safety of Pakistan's nuclear arsenal but that it could still improve its record. What an excellent piece of work PBS's ``The Way We Live Now'' is. It would be too easy and too unfortunate for us to dismiss this passionate four-part ``Masterpiece Theatre'' as Yet Another Brit-erary Adaptation and relegate it to the save-it-for-later pile next to all those backlogged New Yorkers Lawyers for an Australian facing the death penalty in Indonesia for alleged drug smuggling were expected to seek adjournment of her trial Thursday claiming new evidence shows she was unknowingly used as a courier by professional traffickers. Undercover congressional investigators posing as West Virginia businessmen obtained a license with almost no scrutiny from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission that enabled them to buy enough radioactive material from U.S. suppliers to build a ``dirty bomb,'' a new government report says. United Airlines is abandoning its $4.3 billion purchase of US Airways because it is convinced the merger won't win regulatory approval, a person familiar with the matter said Monday. The demonstrators burnt the flags of the two countries and shouted slogans such as "Freedom for Palestine" and "Hands off Palestine."
t2493 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher, urging Israel and Syria to take the plunge for peace, underlined Friday that the months ahead are "crucial". Hong Kong shares fell Wednesday, dragged lower by property stocks amid disappointing land auction results and renewed concerns over interest rates. A previously unseen photo of French poet Arthur Rimbaud was unveiled in Paris on Thursday, bringing the total number of known images of the writer to eight. President Bush called Saturday for Israel to roll back its military offensive in Palestinian territories ``without delay,'' signalling that he was losing patience with the continuing campaign. Secretary General Kofi Annan on Monday will unveil his blueprint for the most sweeping changes at the United Nations since it was founded in the wake of World War II. When vacationing on the Inner Banks, don't let the rain turn your beach holiday into mud. With the islands' proximity to Wilmington and other major attractions, you might even be wishing for a few gray days. Here are seven ways to spend a stormy morning or afternoon. While violence has subsided, the State Department said Thursday the time still is not right to begin implementing confidence building measures between Israel and the Palestinians. The Lockerbie trial was postponed again for yet another week to allow studies on new evidence and witnesses, reports reaching here said on Wednesday.
t8907 The Indonesian government is demanding that 45 journalists belonging to the unofficial Alliance of Independent Journalists (AJI) be dismissed from their jobs, sources said Tuesday. The United States will be without Landon Donovan, DaMarcus Beasley, Clint Dempsey and Carlos Bocanegra when it plays a full-strength Argentina next week at Copa America. EU foreign ministers were set to agree Monday the broad outline of a new diplomatic service aimed at giving Europe a stronger voice on the global stage, though several hurdles remained. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it Top seed and defending champion Lindsay Davenport cruised past Russian seventh seed Nadia Petrova 6-0, 6-3 on Saturday to reach the final of the WTA claycourt tournament here. Lois Peregoy, an 80-year-old grandmother from Baltimore, was looking for a recipe she lost long ago for a cake made with tomato soup. Children often aren't going to confess unless they're caught. So don't expect them to tell you about the many inappropriate sights and sounds they encounter on the Internet. The second day of training for Saturday's men's World Cup downhill race at Beaver Creek, Colorado, United States, was postponed on Thursday due to high winds and blowing snow at the resort.
t887 Britain's Balfour Beatty is seeking an extra 64 million US dollars to complete the controversial Pergau dam in Malaysia's Kelantan state because of construction problems, a local report said Monday. The World Jewish Congress elected Ronald S. Lauder as president, succeeding billionaire businessman Edgar M. Bronfman Sr. who resigned after 28 years in the post. An American fugitive accused of sexually assaulting his two stepdaughters has been arrested in the Philippines after 27 years on the run, an immigration bureau official said Monday. Poking fun at the slowpoke Indiana Hoosiers has become popular fodder at the Final Four. Indiana is the team that crawls and trudges along, but the last laugh through five NCAA tournament games has belonged to the Hoosiers. A group of people with 400 loaves of bread in northwest England broke a world record on Wednesday by creating the largest mosaic of toast ever, a spokeswoman said. The steep rise in oil prices in recent years has not triggered either high inflation or a recession, in large part because consumers and businesses expect price increases to remain tame, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said Tuesday. Bo Porter's three-run homer with two outs in the eighth inning lifted the Texas Rangers to a 3-1 victory Sunday night over the Oakland Athletics. The gold price in Hong Kong dropped six HK dollars to close at 2,519 HK dollars a tael Tuesday, according to Po Sang Bank, one of the major gold dealers in Hong Kong.
t2197 Dutch Foreign Minister Hans van Mierlo underlined his country's support for unconditional renewal of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) when he met Mongolian Prime Minister Puntsagiyn Jasray here Thursday. Sixteen high school students who taped ticking alarm clocks to the walls of their suburban New York school were charged Tuesday with a fake-bomb felony, state police said. A strong earthquake killed at least 67 people and buried "many" others on Wednesday in northwestern China's remote Qinghai province, state media reported. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Legendary jockey Pat Day, who has ridden a horse in the Kentucky Derby for the past 21 years, might see his streak snapped this year after undergoing hip surgery later this month. On the Internet sites where conservatives gather to read and chat each day, Fred Thompson, the as-yet-unannounced Republican presidential candidate, has been laying out his positions on dozens of issues with little public notice and plenty of rhetorical flair. Before her students write term papers, Melanie Hazen makes sure they understand one small thing: You can't put your name on someone else's work. Still, they don't see the harm in borrowing from a Web site. Philippine Vice President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo vowed Monday to respect constitutional processes in her quest for the presidency as she revealed more details of what she intends to do in the event that President Joseph Estrada resigns.
t4934 Iran shrugged off a US ban on American firms developing its oil and gas fields by announcing Thursday a deal with German banks to finance major energy projects by a European consortium. The U.S. Transportation Security Administration is denying allegations that an airport screener seized a toddler's sippy cup and mistreated his mother, taking the unusual step of posting security camera footage on its Web site. Fiorentina forward Adrian Mutu was on Monday banned for nine months by the Italian Olympic Committee's (Coni) anti-doping tribunal for failing two drug tests. According to some authorities, jealously may have an adaptive purpose. When someone is jealous, competitiveness can be inspired, which can then lead to improvement and, hence, a survival quality. Tuberculosis is the number one killer among people living with HIV/AIDS in Africa, the continent with the highest infection rate in the world, said a report released on Thursday by two international NGOs dedicated to fighting the lung disease. Most of us have a few relatives or friends who have never joined the wired world. Because of age, infirmity or lack of inclination, they haven't gotten around to buying a computer, or even learning to use one at the library or senior center. In a conflict whose weapons of choice have traditionally been guns, bombs and mortars, the Orange Order is once again rolling out its peculiar arsenal: bowler hats, white gloves and insignia-encrusted orange collars. Russian President Vladimir Putin Phoned Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak late Sunday to thank him for Israel's help in peacefully ending a Russian TU-154 hijack drama.
t4435 Russia's Duma (lower house of parliament) gave final approval here Wednesday to a 1995 budget which a government spokesman said marked the start of a new reform offensive. It was supposed to be a ballet fit for a party boss: Winsome maids from the local collective farm prance around the stage carrying 5-foot long potatoes, while happy Soviet farmers celebrate yet another bountiful harvest. South Korea's Yang Yong-Eun won the Volvo China Open Sunday, finishing two shots clear of Welshmen Rhys Davies and Stephen Dodd at the Suzhou Jinji Lake International Golf Club. LOS ANGELES - Murder and other gang-related crimes have soared across Los Angeles to their highest level in years, fed by hard-core gang members out on parole, a new generation of recruits as young as 9, and a police response hampered by ``Rampart rules.'' Japan's trade surplus in February fell 21.7 percent from a year earlier to 1.09 trillion yen (10.5 billion dollars), the finance ministry said Wednesday. It's good connective tissue for a movie about an old forgotten boxer and a struggling young sportswriter who develop a strangely symbiotic relationship. Directed by Rod Lurie ("The Contender"), "Resurrecting" delivers a heckuva story marred by some credibility problems, but lands the majority of its punches via subtly powerful Poland's president begged forgiveness Tuesday for a wartime massacre of hundreds of Jewish villagers by their Polish neighbors 60 years ago, but he insisted Nazi occupiers were behind the bloodshed and the nation bore no collective guilt. The Shenzhen Composite Index rose 18.03 points in the past five days to 629.56 points, while the Sub-index rose nearly 200 points to 4,826.15 points from last week's close at 4,630.65 points.
t577 Top defense officials of Britian, France, Germany and the United States met Saturday to discuss the military ramifications of the planned withdrawal of UN peacekeepers from Croatia. A Philippine passenger ferry with 260 people on board caught fire south of Manila on Sunday, leaving at least five dead, coast guard officials said. Indonesian police killed a suspected terrorist wanted for the "mutilations" of students and arrested four others during two raids in Aceh province on Monday, a senior officer said. Condemned to life in prison for treason, Wagner Aponte was once resigned to spending the rest of his days behind bars, like hundreds of others imprisoned for joining rebel groups that waged war against the government during a 20-year conflict. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice displayed a swift grasp of the intricacies of India-Pakistan ties on Wednesday by jumping on the bandwagon of cricket diplomacy. Hip-hop for kids can be pandering or preachy, an iffy proposition. The Figureheads, a Wisconsin-based trio with a child and teen focus, manage to sound like the real thing, despite the group's near-missionary drive to reach kids with words of affirmation and hope. Pinch-hitter Pedro Feliz drove in two runs with an eighth-inning single as the San Francisco Giants rallied to win in Barry Bonds' absence, beating the St. Louis Cardinals 5-2 Saturday. The leaders of the two countries agreed that China and France will hold a series of cultural activities in each other's country to promote the mutual understanding between the two peoples and enhance cultural, science and technology, economic and trade exchanges.
t7581 Turkey launched its huge military intervention to crush the rear bases of Kurdish separatists in northern Iraq to end a power vacuum in this region, Prime Minister Tansu Ciller said in an interview Friday. When financial crisis devastated its Asian neighbors a decade ago, China sat safely on the sidelines, its own markets and banks largely closed off from the world and insulated from the upheavals wracking more open economies. European authorities must weigh up whether the stability of the euro area is threatened by the debt crisis in Greece before deciding on aid, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday. Robertson Stephens and JPMorgan are being investigated for possible securities rules violations related to the commissions they were paid for allocating hot IPO stocks to favored clients during the Internet stock mania, according to knowledgeable sources. Japanese share prices closed 1.63 percent lower Tuesday in thin trade before the fiscal year-end, with sentiment hit badly by data that showed unemployment rising unexpectedly and household spending remaining sluggish, dealers said. Karzai spoke at an emotional news conference hours after an early morning blast tore through a bus carrying soldiers to their posts. The explosion was so powerful it ripped the roof and sides from the bus, scattering body parts and debris along a street in the city center. Michael Schumacher slammed into a rubberized wall at about 185 mph during practice Tuesday, but the Formula One leader was back at his garage after a brief hospital stay. French President Jacques Chirac on Saturday condemned the terrorism perpetuated by the extremists among Kosovo Albanians over the past several days.
t541 They said I had to run the 60 or scratch the 200, so I am," she said, though she and her husband-coach Manley Waller were still not sure she would complete both finals. Iran has condemned a G-8 warning that it could face more sanctions over its controversial nuclear program, the country's official Islamic Republic News Agency reported. Icelandic Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir hailed a report published Monday for laying bare widespread failures of her predecessor and others in the run-up to the 2008 financial crisis that thrashed the country's economy. Stepped-up violence between Israelis and Palestinians elevates the uncertainty for Wall Street, which could easily produce a volatile session on Monday, according to analysts. Feared Syrian military intelligence agents finally cleared out of their Beirut headquarters on Wednesday and headed toward home, prompting joyful expressions by those Lebanese on whom their decades-old presence had weighed heavily. President Bush gave an Independence Day pep talk to West Virginia National Guard members and their families Wednesday, telling them victory in Iraq ``will require more patience, more courage and more sacrifice.'' It wouldn't take much to overwhelm the city's trauma care system, severely damaged by flooding from Tropical Storm Allison, health officials warn as the July 4 holiday approaches. Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has no intention to re-enter totally-Palestinian-controlled areas in West Bank and Gaza Strip, or Area A, in the wake of the clashes between Israeli forces and Palestinians, an IDF spokesman said Monday.
t6097 Some 30 Bosnian soldiers were killed and 80 wounded Monday in Serb shelling of their barracks in Tuzla town in northeast Bosnia, as fighting escalated nearby, according to initial UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) reports here. The military leader who seized power in Fiji in a coup last year said Tuesday that elections to restore democracy to the South Pacific country could be held in early 2009. In a major shake-up, Fiat boss Sergio Marchionne said Wednesday that the auto group would spin off its non-car activities into a separate entity. The Anaheim Angels acquired Brad Fullmer from the Toronto Blue Jays in a trade for pitcher Brian Cooper during the offseason to fill their void at the designated-hitter spot. But until their series opener against the Oakland A's on Thursday, Cooper had as many RBI as Fullmer this season The remains of six Kosovo Serbs killed during the 1998-99 war in Kosovo were handed over Friday to the Serbian authorities, an international official said. The judge, ruling in a lawsuit filed by automakers against the state of Vermont, said Vermont's emissions standards -- which are based on a 2002 California law -- weren't "sufficiently D raconian" to usurp the federal government's right to set fuel economy standards. The pool of candidates battling to lead Britain's Conservative Party shrank to three Friday as lawmaker David Davis dropped out of the race. Top seed Brazilian Gustavo Kuerten gained revenge over Australian Pat Rafter with a 6-4, 7-6 victory in the third round of the 2.95 million U.S. dollars Tennis Masters Series event here on Thursday.
t1505 Fifteen members of the fundamentalist Moslem Brotherhood have been arrested in the troubled southern province of Minya, police said Tuesday. A bus carrying Americans to a Catholic shrine in southern Bosnia collided with another vehicle Monday, injuring 27 passengers and the Bosnian bus driver, hospital officials said. A routine domestic flight almost ended in disaster Tuesday when a jet carrying more than 100 passengers broke apart on landing in Indonesia, injuring about 20 people, officials said. You do not have to watch much of CNN's ``Moneyline'' to figure out what the anchor Lou Dobbs thinks about the indictment of Arthur Andersen. Russia will restrict access to its natural resources to companies registered there, according to draft legislation approved Thursday by the government, natural resources minister Yury Trutnev said. A rare open letter signed by 17 former top officials and conservative Marxist scholars ahead of a key Communist Party meeting accuses China's top leaders of steering the country in the wrong direction, pandering to foreigners, betraying the worker's revolution and jeopardizing social stability. Stocks fell Tuesday on a series of earnings warnings that reminded investors that companies will continue to report disappointing results for a while. A two-week regional solar energy training course for rural electrification in Africa ended here on Friday with a call to value the new technology for the benefit mainly of the rural population.
t3038 The president of the Bosnian-Croatian federation, Kresimir Zubak, called here Saturday for a vigorous search to find the missing commander of Bosnian Croat militia fighting alongside the mainly- Moslem Bosnian government army in the Bihac pocket. More Americans than ever are driving alone to work as the nation's commuters balk at car pools and mass transit. Top seed Pi Hongyan booked her spot in the European Badminton Championships semi-finals here on Friday, but the Paris-based player looks set for a battle for the title from Danish rival Tine Rasmussen who also made the final four. Like a two-headed beast of countless B-movie sequels, the budget shortfall and redistricting continue their rampage across the landscape of North Carolina state government. British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Sunday that China's recent adoption of an anti-secession law regarding Taiwan has complicated the lifting of the European Union's arms embargo against Beijing. Online dating sites such as Match.com and eHarmony draw millions with a promise of replacing chance meetings on the office elevator with a targeted computer search for a soul mate. Now there's Prescription4Love.com, a dating Web site ``for people with special conditions.'' The day before she was last seen, Chandra Levy called her aunt and left a message saying she had ``some big news'' to share. Malawi President Bakili Muluzi has sacked his cabinet following a string of corruption allegations, Times of Zambia newspaper reported on Friday.
t7527 While the winning team is the one that scores the most points, the aim of Martin Hollis at the Hong Kong Sevens rugby is to be the one who sinks the most pints. A U.N.-backed court convicted three former Sierra Leonean military leaders on multiple counts of war crimes, issuing the first verdicts over the country's brutal civil war and the first-ever conviction for using child soldiers by an international court. The United States supports Greece's application for aid from the IMF and European Union to solve its debt crisis, White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Friday. Tax revenues have been flowing in to the federal government at far lower levels than anticipated, raising the possibility that this year's budget deficit could be twice as big as projected, government and private analysts said Thursday. A poll Tuesday showed Prime Minister John Howard's popularity increasing, despite renewed speculation about his continued leadership of the conservative government. and quickly -- about how to deal with the kinds of traumas that troops are suffering today. Because there are only going to be more of them. The chances of consumers eating an unapproved variety of biotech corn are substantially less than the government thought last fall after the grain was discovered in food products, the Environmental Protection Agency says. The Fourth ASEAN Informal Summit began Friday morning for discussions of issues the leaders are concerned about and interested in.
t461 Thousands of people lined the streets outside Moscow's Bagankovskoye cemetery Saturday to pay their final respects to television journalist Vladislav Listyev, assassinated Wednesday in an apparent contract killing. Carl Edwards raced to his fourth NASCAR Busch Series victory of the season Saturday night, easily beating Clint Bowyer in the Federated Auto Parts 300 for the Nextel Cup driver's third straight win at Nashville Superspeedway. Finance ministers of the Group of 20 developed and developing countries will meet April 23 in Washington, according to the International Monetary Fund's website Monday. Federal officials are urging Americans to consider mass voluntary smallpox vaccinations for the first time in decades, citing evidence that shows government stockpiles will soon be adequate to immunize the entire nation against the highly infectious virus. OPEC ministers decided Wednesday to raise their production ceiling from 27 to 27.5 million barrels per day with immediate effect and held out the possibility of a further rise of 500,000 bpd in May, ministers said. As Cullen Murphy stands on Capitol Hill, gazing at the Mall, he sees what the tourists around him see: the National Gallery of Art and the Smithsonian museums, the Washington Monument and, shining white in the distance, the Lincoln Memorial. Negotiators for Hollywood actors and producers faced a midnight deadline Saturday as they sought to avert what could be a crippling walkout for the TV and movie industry. Queen Sirikit Kitiyakorn of the Kingdom of Thailand left here this afternoon for Shanghai, the biggest industrial city of China, to continue her visit to China.
t9928 A military official from the Iranian-backed Hezbollah was killed when an Israeli helicopter destroyed his car in a rocket attack in south Lebanon on Friday, the organisation said. Al-Qaida's deputy leader called on Muslims around the world to back Hamas with weapons, money and attacks on U.S. and Israeli interests in a Web audiotape Monday, urging the Palestinian militant group to unite with al-Qaida's "holy warriors" after its takeover of Gaza. Australian Neil Robertson fired in a break of 107 to wrap up a 13-5 win over six-times former champion Steve Davis on Wednesday to reach the world championship semi-finals. The Western Conference semifinal series between the Sacramento Kings and Dallas Mavericks was supposed to be a viewer-friendly clash between two of the most potent offensive teams in the league. A US national was kidnapped from a reconstruction project site Monday in the Baghdad area, an American embassy spokesman said. Thought you knew all the Watergate secrets? Tom DeFrank kept one for 33 years: Months before Dick Nixon resigned, Gerald Ford -- shrewder than people gave him credit for -- knew Nixon was doomed, and he outmaneuvered both the media and the White House. What's more, he wasn't above A judge Friday struck down a law that limited the terms of state legislators, a ruling that could revive the careers of 26 lawmakers who were barred from seeking re-election. Taiwan stocks gained ground Thursday, with the benchmark weighted price index moving up 42.11 points to close at 5,212.73, according to reports reaching here from Taipei.
t6560 Residents of this shantytown on the sandy flatlands surrounding Cape Town Tuesday thronged to see Britain's Queen Elizabeth II as she arrived to visit projects funded by her government. Intensive negotiations are underway toward freeing a British journalist kidnapped three months ago in Gaza, a senior Hamas official said Tuesday, hoping for results in coming day. Thousands of frustrated passengers crowded Asia-Pacific airports hoping to board planes to Europe on Wednesday, as flights resumed after nearly a week of volcano chaos. Jane Boyle was sworn in Monday as North Texas' top federal prosecutor and joined the war on terrorism with a strong sense of patriotism. Two Indian nationals were killed and eight people were hurt Saturday when a huge explosion rocked a Christian quarter of east Beirut, the official Lebanese news agency ANI reported. In sports, when referees make a bad call, it's not uncommon for them to follow up by making a similarly bad call against the opposing team; though it compounds the mistake, at least it evens out the consequences. That's an analogy O.J. Simpson might appreciate, given that prosecutors are Legislation to permit limited sales of land cleared an important hurdle in Russia's lower house of parliament Saturday despite protests and opposition from Communists. EPDP leader Dougals Devananda, also minister of Development, Rehabilitation and Reconstruction of the North and Tamil Affairs of the North and East, said on Sunday that his party respects the majority view of the new coalition government.
t532 Dutch financial services group ING said Saturday they were still the only company negotiating to buy the entire Barings bank, in administration after Nick Leeson's trades in the Asian derivatives market. Military cannons fired a 21-gun salute and tens of thousands of cheering admirers wore red, white and blue top hats as Albania -- a staunch American ally -- welcomed U.S. President George W. Bush on Sunday. Spanish opera great Placido Domingo said Monday he felt "immense joy" over returning to the stage at Milan's La Scala opera house just weeks after undergoing cancer surgery. It's prime viewing time for a comet that hasn't graced this side of the heavens for 3 1/2 centuries. The celestial object is so rare that when two amateur astronomers spotted it last month, they thought they had discovered a new comet. Former Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma says he doesn't rule out the possibility that his ex-interior minister, who died March 4 of an apparent suicide, may have been murdered, according to an interview published in the Russia daily Vremia Novostei. An ebullient and relieved Alan Johnston, the BBC correspondent set free Wednesday after 114 days as a captive in the Gaza Strip, suggested the turning point that led to his release was Hamas' takeover of the strip. Think of Dick Cheney's heart as a house to understand the two kinds of repairs done recently. On Saturday, doctors worked on the wiring system. Earlier, they unclogged the plumbing. Their good offices would, "in an age of cynicism," help to transform into reality the goals agreed upon at the U.N. Millennium Summit here in September, Annan told the gathering.
t2124 Two Yugoslav army officers of Albanian descent have been jailed for spying for secessionists in Serbia's Albanian-dominated Kosovo region, a newspaper report said Thursday. The Bush administration on Tuesday added seven nations, including several key U.S. allies in the Middle East, to its human trafficking blacklist for failing to halt what it called the scourge of "modern-day slavery." Kyrgyzstan's ousted President Kurmanbek Bakiyev must stand trial for "spilling blood," the head of the country's new interim government, Roza Otunbayeva, said on Wednesday. Britain's Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, a figure beloved for her courage and common touch, died in her sleep on March 30. At age 101, she was an endearing symbol of royal tradition whose popularity transcended both age and class. Her funeral will be held April 9 at Westminster Wales coach Mike Ruddock has promised that his youthful team will continue to play its expansive, attacking brand of rugby in the Grand Slam-deciding clash with Ireland this Saturday. The White House may have killed attempts to revive the much-heralded Iraq Study Group, but the Bush administration will still face a tough, independent evaluation of the progress in Iraq -- from one of its own agencies. The National Education Association dropped consideration Wednesday of a resolution that would encourage schools to develop materials supporting the struggles of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender students and staff. The Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), the leading research institution in China, launched its nanometer science and technology center today in a bid to promote the research and development efforts in nanometer materials and technology.
t9757 The UN Security Council decided Thursday to maintain the current international sanctions against Libya, rejecting US calls for tougher action. Nearly a year after she was ridiculed for calling a bloody war in Lebanon "the birth pangs of a new Middle East," U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is insisting democracy will still come to the Mideast whatever the setbacks. Experts may still be basking in the positive impact a pioneering 'biological passport' is having on deterring the cheats in the sometimes murky world of professional cycling. British troops began at dawn on Friday to comb the rugged mountains of southeastern Afghanistan, entering a suspected lair of Qaida and Taliban forces in one of the largest ground operations of the eight-month war. The Bulgarian chess federation has invited former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to a tournament in May in Sofia, federation chief Jivko Guinshev said. The dream started when Arleen Sorkin was a struggling young actress and landed her first job as an extra on the 1979 Al Pacino movie "... And Justice for All," her dentist-father stopped her as she headed out the door of her family's Washington, D.C., home and handed her The 8-year-old boy who lost nearly all his blood and an arm in a shark attack two weeks ago improved from critical to serious condition Friday. Vietnam's National Assembly Tuesday passed its first-ever Drug Control Law, with an emphasis on tough preventative measures rather than criminal punishment, daily newspaper Vietnam News reported Wednesday.
t1466 The German mark and the yen jumped in late afternoon against the dollar and other currencies of the European Monetary System (EMS), as the dollar fell to an all-time low of 1.3775 marks. A federal judge on Monday refused to grant bail to a couple accused of keeping two Indonesian women as slaves in their suburban New York mansion for five years, finding that no conditions would be suitable to allow the millionaires to remain under house arrest until their trial. The Al Qaeda-linked Abu Sayyaf Muslim extremist group was behind attacks Tuesday in the southern Philippines that claimed nine lives, the region's military chief said. In the latest turn in a game of political chicken, the Bush administration announced Tuesday that it would juggle some finances this week so the statutory ceiling on government borrowing would not be breached. SAP, the world's leading maker of business software, said Thursday it was upping its offer to buy US firm Retek, a supplier of software solutions and services to the retail sector, after arch-rival Oracle said it was also interested in buying the firm. Here's some news -- ``Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix'' is a huge hit. And so the question: Why? An American on the brink of death has received the first self-contained, mechanical total heart replacement in a landmark experimental operation. A Latin American regional preparatory meeting on habitat opened Wednesday in Santiago-based Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC).
t7539 North Vietnamese army veterans will take centre stage for the 20th anniversary this weekend of the fall of the former imperial capital Hue to the communists, which marked a prelude to the end of the war, organisers said. Photos of fresh-faced privates, wizened U.S. generals and the largest amphibious military operation in history. Dented army canteens that once dotted killing fields in France. The booming sounds of gunships echoing over the waves in Normandy -- this time, on video. Air cargo carriers are charging Hong Kong exporters a premium to clear their backlog as thousands of tonnes of goods are estimated stuck at warehouses after volcanic ash closed European skies. Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia told President Bush bluntly Thursday that the United States must temper its support for Israel or face grave consequences throughout the Arab world, Saudi officials said. Chinese state media welcomed the first ever official visit to China by Taiwan's main opposition party, the Kuomintang (KMT), as a step towards easing tensions as it moved into a second day Tuesday. The Federal Housing Administration will prohibit borrowers from using seller-financed down payment assistance programs that have helped hundreds of thousands of people buy homes but have come under the scrutiny of federal authorities. The leaders of India and Pakistan tried Tuesday to explain their failure to reach an accord on their half-century dispute over Kashmir, but analysts were predicting more violence in the Himalayan province. A golden-haired blue-eyed foreign girl skillfully treated a patient using acupuncture needles in one of the rooms in the clinic of the first affiliated hospital of Tianjin Chinese Medical College.
t2443 Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen on Friday said attempts by the United States and other western powers to pass multilateral resolutions condemning Beijing's human rights record were "foolish". Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Wednesday that Israeli and Palestinian authorities should prosecute people on both sides who attacked civilians in the Gaza town of Beit Hanoun and in nearby parts of Israel last year. Authorities have discovered the bodies of nine firefighters and five civilians who were kidnapped by Al-Qaeda, an Iraqi police colonel said on Thursday. Last week, a Michigan court overturned a conviction based on a little-known law against cursing that, clearly, dated from a far different era. Lebanese President Emile Lahoud will not take part in this week's Arab summit in Algiers because of the current situation in Lebanon, his office said Saturday. A funny thing is happening in American politics: The fiercest battle is no longer between the left and the right but between partisanship and bipartisanship. The Bush administration, which has been notorious for playing to its hard-right base, has started reaching across the aisle, with its admirable immigration bill Two-thirds of Americans _ both adults and teen-agers _ say they support the legal drinking age of 21, says an Associated Press poll. Teen-agers support the law even though teen drinking remains widespread. The increase, the biggest gain since a 2.6 percent rise in November 1999, was led by strong increases in spending for home remodeling, office buildings and government projects.
t1855 US First Lady Hillary Clinton, moving to help disadvantaged women on three continents on International Women's Day, on Wednesday pledged 100 million dollars in education for girls. Residents of Japan's major cities may soon have to pay more for Big Macs than their rural counterparts under a new pricing system eyed by McDonald's Holdings Co., the company said Tuesday. French striker David Trezeguet is out of Friday's crucial Serie A clash away to Inter Milan, his club Juventus said on Wednesday. Nowhere has winemaking been taken more seriously or practiced more diligently for as long a time as in the Bordeaux region of France. Lawyers on Friday decried the Hong Kong government's controversial decision to shorten the term of its next leader, saying it set a dangerous precedent for the Chinese territory. John Edwards, the second-try presidential candidate with the third-place campaign, walked on to Mariah Crenshaw's lawn this week, surrounded by a mini-circus of reporters and cameras. Actors' unions have averted yearlong fears of a show business strike by accepting a tentative contract deal aimed at improving wages for little-known performers. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak met Sunday with major opposition Likud leader Ariel Sharon over the formation of an emergency government, but failed to reach an agreement.
t6373 Officials here insisted that Sunday's conversation was "positive and friendly," but Major's office in Downing Street used the words "businesslike and thorough," traditional diplomatic terms for strained and testy. Thai police ordered exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra on Tuesday to return to Thailand to face charges that he concealed his ownership of millions of dollars worth of shares from the Thai stock exchange. Thailand's "Red Shirt" protesters on Wednesday ruled out talks with the government, despite a looming crackdown that has prompted them to fortify their rally base with home-made barricades. Not that anybody would have preferred the first three weeks of the Astros' season to be hauled off to a landfill, but they were giving away trash cans at the door. Substitute Ahmad Elrich scored with his first touch to give Australia a flattering 2-1 win over Iraq in a football international at the Sydney Olympic stadium on Saturday. At first, it was just some of the piglets. The mother gave birth to 13, all of them stillborn. Within a few weeks, however, she and other adult pigs in neighboring stalls became feverish and died. By the end of the summer, all but a handful of the village's New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton said she will visit Puerto Rico on Saturday in ``a gesture of solidarity'' with those in prison for protesting Navy bombing on Vieques Island, including lawyer Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Bulgarian police on Saturday arrested 11 Iraqis in border areas at Lyubimets, southeastern Bulgaria, for trying to cross illegally into the country from Greece, the Interior Ministry said.
t3048 Several agreements designed to boost trade and economic cooperation will highlight the third summit of the 10-nation regional Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO) here, conference officials said. Two astronauts floated outside the international space station to help fold up a solar wing and bring to life a rotating joint that will allow a new pair of solar arrays to track the sun. Scandinavian airline SAS warned it would temporarily lay off up to 2,500 employees in Norway starting Monday if flights halted due to a giant cloud of volcanic ash remained on the ground. Last week's collapse of the planned acquisition of Lexington, Mass.'s Centra Software Inc. by a Silicon Valley company underscored the difficulties facing the market for companies that sell training software and content. Croatian international Robert Kovac confirmed Sunday that he will definitely leave Bayern Munich on a free transfer at the end of the season. The late July storm broke over the valley like a wave over the prow of a ship. Hikers, emerging from the forest, dashed across stretches of lawn as lightning cut across the darkening sky. Couples in canoes awkwardly zigzagged their way toward the dock as thunder rumbled overhead. Energy futures rose Friday at the New York Mercantile Exchange as falling inventories and technical factors overshadowed the imminent return of Iraqi exports to the market, analysts said. Peru's congress Thursday passed a constitutional amendment to cut short Alberto Fujimori's presidency and the office terms of congressmen, paving the way for a new government after new elections in April.
t3832 Greater family planning and higher incomes contributed to Shanghai registering a negative population growth rate last year, reaching the lowest level in several decades, Xinhua news agency said Tuesday. Host since 1877 to one of the most tradition-laden of sporting events, from the grass courts to the all-white attire, the All England Lawn Tennis Club has been doing its best lately to keep up with the changing times. At least five people were hurt Saturday when two bombs exploded at a cricket stadium in the Indian city of Bangalore, sparking panic among fans and stoking security fears ahead of the Commonwealth Games. There's something about ``The Sweetest Thing'' _ something beyond the presence of Cameron Diaz that recalls the Farrelly brothers' hit comedy, ``There's Something About Mary.'' A man accused of planning to kidnap the daughter of a wealthy Chinese couple living in Australia recruited his accomplice through a newspaper advertisement, police alleged Tuesday. Hatteras Island has clusters of go-cart loops and mini-golf, water slides and wakeboard shops, RV parks and ``new homes'' flags, set off by long, lovely stretches of beaches on both sides of the highway and the marshes and maritime forests of the 6,000-acre Pea Island National Wildlife Refuge. It A U.N. conference on the illegal trade of small arms opens Monday with the unveiling of a giant sculpture featuring more than 7,000 weapons once used in crimes, warfare and terrorism around the world. Amanda Coetzer defeated Erika de Leone 6-4, 6-3 in the opening round of the Advanta Tennis Championships in the first-ever meeting between the two players in Philadelphia on Monday.
t9083 Team nominations for the Europe/Africa qualifying Group One to be played at the Hyatt La Manga Club in Southern Spain from April 17-21: Atlantis' seven astronauts prepared to return to Houston from California on Saturday to reunite with their families, a day after the space shuttle was diverted but landed safely. The prime ministers of South Asian rivals India and Pakistan are to hold talks on the sidelines of a regional conference in Bhutan this week, a government source in New Delhi told AFP on Monday. Neuroscientists announced Wednesday that they have created the world's first radio-controlled animal by wiring a computer chip directly into the brain of a living rat. German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said Sunday the world must never allow the horrors of the Nazis to fade from memory as he commemorated the 60th anniversary of the liberation of Buchenwald concentration camp. The Toyota brand slid from first place last year to fifth place in the 2007 rankings, which were released Tuesday, and Honda replaced Toyota in the No. 1 spot. Bridgestone/Firestone Inc. will not issue a broader recall of Firestone tires, saying Thursday the federal government has failed to show that other tires made by the company pose a danger to motorists. Alleged corruption and negligence in the awarding and monitoring of a galley waste disposal contract could have contributed to the foot-and-mouth outbreak in South Africa's KwaZulu-Natal Province, a local newspaper reported on Sunday.
t2755 One boat is blue with a mermaid mosaic on its hull. The other boat is black. But strip away the colors and observers believe Team New Zealand and Young America are almost twins. The Russian government expressed support Wednesday for a plan to resolve a dispute that has held up North Korea's nuclear disarmament by funneling North Korean funds through a Russian bank, and said it was studying legal aspects of the issue. South Korea Thursday lifted part of a warship from the seabed, a move which could provide clues to its mysterious sinking near the North Korean border almost three weeks ago. President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney seldom appear together these days, for security reasons, but both turned up with their wives for the recent taping of ``An American Celebration at Ford's Theatre,'' which airs tonight at 9 on ABC. Secretary General Kofi Annan is calling for the Security Council to define when to go to war, among other proposals for UN reform, The Washington Post said Sunday. Ducati's latest is so high-strung it should run on Ritalin. It's called the Hypermotard -- ``hyper'' because the 1,078 cc L-twin is a twitchy little torque monster, and ``motard'' because its slim profile, slick Pirellis and tall bar-stool seat are pure supermoto. U.S. authorities handed over an American serviceman accused of rape to Japanese authorities on Friday, resolving a standoff that strained relations and fanned resentment of the U.S. military in Okinawa. Palestinian police have been ready to implement the ceasefire understanding reached Wednesday night between Israeli Minister of Regional Cooperation Shimon Peres and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
t1430 Israeli settlers donned Arab dress Tuesday in a protest at the first meeting on displaced from the 1967 war which they fear could open the floodgates to the return of thousands of Palestinians. A British judge sentenced three men to prison on Monday, after they pleaded guilty to helping a Libyan terrorist group with funds and logistical support. US President Barack Obama's wife Michelle embarks Tuesday on a three day trip to Mexico, her first solo official trip abroad as the US first lady. A terrible disaster is in the making in the Middle East. What Osama bin Laden failed to achieve on Sept. 11 is now being unleashed by the Israeli-Palestinian war in the West Bank: a clash of civilizations. Palestinian militant factions agreed Thursday on an open-ended period of calm but stopped short of the fully-fledged truce the international community had hoped Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas would obtain. Small, independent bookstores can wither before the onslaught of giants like Barnes &amp; Noble Inc., Borders Group Inc. and Amazon.com. Arguing that the world has ample supplies of oil, OPEC representatives have reached a consensus not to boost crude production, the group's president said Tuesday. The decision by the international domain registration sector to allow Chinese characters in Internet domain names has received a warm response.
t7059 The European Union on Wednesday offered concessions to Canada in a dispute over declining fish stocks by agreeing to reduce its fishing quotas for North Atlantic turbot. A Chinese company that once tried to sell land on the moon has lost an appeal against a court ruling that stopped it from selling bags of "World Cup air," state media reported Wednesday. Millions of people around the world have been tracking the eruption of Iceland's Eyjafjjoell volcano minute-to-minute from their homes through webcams transmitting the activity live online. It's been an epic few days for a city where public personalities are slow to acquire iconic status but even slower to relinquish it. A four-year-old girl in Iceland has found a message in a bottle that was thrown into the sea off the coast of Greenland 18 years ago, Danish media reported on Monday. Fall seems like the ideal time to cook a batch of this delicious condiment while the apples are so plentiful in the markets and farm stands. Anderson's recipe did not specify any particular type of apple, so I tested it using a combination of Red Delicious and Granny Smith Pakistan's leader insisted Monday that the disputed Himalayan province of Kashmir must be resolved before relations with nuclear rival India can be fully restored. Florida's Supreme Court unanimously ruled on Tuesday that state election officials must accept amended vote recounts as late as Sunday or Monday, a spokesman for the court announced
t7484 The government announced plans Thursday for stepped-up deportations of aliens who commit crimes in the United States as part of a tougher immigration policy. After years of complaints of police misconduct, some residents of high-crime neighborhoods in St. Louis are being given free video cameras to help them monitor officers. Sales of newly constructed single-family houses in the United States shot up by nearly 27 percent in March compared to the previous month, official estimates released Friday showed. Despite hearing stern criticism of American policy towards Israel, President Bush emerged from his half-day meeting with the Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah on Thursday touting the two nations' ``shared vision'' of Middle East peace. The comedy "Guess Who" got the correct answer from the box office last weekend, raking in 20.6 million dollars in its North American debut, final figures showed Monday. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad brought down the house at Columbia University on Monday with his idiotic statement that there are no gays in Iran. Equally goofy was his assertion that Iranians are "the free-est in the world." A man opened fire during his son's baseball game Monday night, killing his estranged wife and the 10-year-old boy as players and parents fled for cover. The man later killed himself, authorities said. Disaster management in Kisumu and Nyndo districts, southwestern Kenya, had been put on alert following fresh wave of floods in the region, the East African Standard newspaper reported Friday.
t8280 Burma closed its border at the eastern town of Tachilek on Sunday, preparing to launch major strikes against the forces of opium warlord Khun Sa, Thai television reported. Benson Yee was a Star Wars-obsessed kid when something new caught his eye in a toy store during a family vacation: Transformers -- "robots in disguise" -- that changed into vehicles or other objects. Russian Premier league table-toppers Spartak Nalchik extended their lead despite being held to a 1-1 draw by Spartak Moscow here on Sunday. Damage from the April 20 earthquake in the Adirondack Mountains exceeds $14 million, and officials in the areas surrounding the epicenter have called on Gov. George Pataki to formally request federal disaster aid. After 34 long years in and out of romance, and two months packed with preparations, Prince Charles will wed Camilla Parker Bowles on Saturday and give Britons a new, if not entirely welcome, Princess of Wales. After Congress ordered gasoline refiners to buy 7.5 billion gallons of ethanol annually by 2012, it seemed that every farmer and farm coop decided they had to get in on the subsidized bonanza. The industry is already about to hit the 7.5 billion capacity mark, five years ahead of Six months after two Dartmouth College professors were slain in their home, prosecutors are leaning toward burglary gone awry as a motive, The Associated Press learned Wednesday. France Wednesday rejected a German demand for extra votes in the European Union (EU) Council of General Affairs and insisted that France must have the same number of votes as Germany.
t8463 UN disarmament chief Rolf Ekeus said Monday that he had failed during his four-day mission here to fill in the gaps in information about Iraq's germ warfare programme. Detectives are searching for more victims of a man they suspect to be one of Australia's worst sex offenders, police said Friday. A Saudi man was decapitated by the sword on Sunday in the eastern city of Dammam after being sentenced to death for murdering another Saudi man, the government announced. At least three members of the Archdiocese of Boston's 15-member financial advisory committee are expected to urge Cardinal Bernard F. Law on Thursday to abandon the multimillion-dollar settlement the church has tentatively agreed to pay to 86 victims of defrocked priest John J. Geoghan. Spanish teenager Rafael Nadal, the third seed, suffered a shock defeat at the hands of Russian Igor Andreev in the quarter-finals of the Valencia ATP claycpourt tournament on Friday. Authorities withheld the identities of the nine sky divers and pilot, but family and friends came forward as workers began removing bodies from the crash site. The community-based B.C. Open was around long before Tiger Woods. And those involved in the smallest event on the PGA Tour promise it won't be swallowed up by the game's newfound prosperity. Cheney, who is heading the Bush transition effort, said that his team would accelerate the search for possible Cabinet picks and senior administration officials.
t9528 Rising sea levels will inundate Shanghai, Guangzhou and other major Chinese coastal cities unless drastic measures are taken to slow global warming, according to a new government-backed report. The eldest daughter of late Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping on Sunday said cracking down on the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests in 1989 was a decision made collectively by the country's leadership -- not by her father alone. The crisis-hit Greek economy could shrink by more than two percent this year, worse than expected, the Bank of Greece warned Tuesday as the country fought to calm fears of a debt default. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Saturday, May 4 and Sunday, May 5, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. Malaysian share prices closed 0.68 percent higher Monday, bucking weaker regional markets, but trade was sluggish in the absence of any clear lead, dealers said. The decision came after Europe's second-highest court last month rejected Microsoft's appeal of a 2004 antitrust decision that had led to a record $703-million fine for abuse of its dominance in computer operating systems. On top of that fine, the European Commission in 2005 started levying a daily noncompliance Edison International Inc., the parent of troubled utility Southern California Edison Co., reported a loss of $102 million in the second quarter, primarily due to unrecovered costs of buying power. The China Red Cross Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Regional branch has been offering courses on safe sex in the region's colleges and universities to enhance AIDS awareness among young students.
t6092 Crosair, the Swissair subsidiary specializing in short and medium-haul flights, will increase its dividend due to good results for 1994, Crossair management said on Monday, without indicating the amount of the profit. John Maine took a three-hit shutout into the eighth inning to earn his second win in eight starts, pitching the New York Mets over the Minnesota Twins 8-1 in interleague baseball on Monday. Canada's governor general said on Wednesday Canada had failed to act in the 1994 Rwanda genocide, during her state visit to the country. Missouri is getting a $2.87 million federal grant to help communities respond to terrorism attacks and other disasters, U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft announced Friday. Five Palestinians were lightly wounded in the northern West Bank on Friday after Israeli soldiers fired rubber bullets to break up a demonstration against Israel's separation barrier. The case isn't closed yet, but modern humans are looking awfully guilty in one of the biggest whodunits in prehistory: the case of the demise of the Neanderthals. As India and Pakistan prepared for a landmark summit, the challenge the two nations face in dealing with the explosive issue of Kashmir was obvious Friday in protests, militant threats and tough talk from both governments. East China's Shandong Province, which has the second largest population in the country, has kept its population growth at a low level for nine years running.
t8187 Police said Sunday they had detained 231 neo-nazis and seized arms and propaganda material after right-wing extremists from across Gemany converged on the eastern state of Thuringen for a concert by skinhead groups. Juan Roman Riquelme, hours after leading Boca Juniors to its sixth Copa Libertadores championship, joined the 22-man Argentine squad that flew Thursday to Venezuela for the Copa America. The US Coast Guard has called off a search for 11 workers who went missing and are now presumed dead after a blast tore through an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico earlier in the week. PORTLAND, Ore. - Of all the players on the court, Kobe Bryant had the clearest view of Robert Horry's game-winning 3-pointer in the Los Angeles Lakers' 92-91 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday to complete a three-game Western Conference quarterfinals sweep. Church bells tolled in Beirut on Friday to mark the funeral of Pope John Paul II which was aired live by all television stations, including the channel of the Shiite Muslim movement Hezbollah. The new pesticide, methyl iodide, is designed for growers, mainly in California and Florida, who need to replace methyl bromide, which has been banned under an international treaty because it damages the Earth's ozone layer. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on Wednesday cautioned that the yearlong economic slowdown has not ended and may require another interest-rate reduction to revive sluggish growth. The Sri Lanka government plans to implement a three pronged economic development strategy aimed at enhancing the rate of economic growth from the present five percent to eight percent in the medium term, the official Daily News said on Tuesday.
t2654 A new poll Friday put Paris mayor Jacques Chirac in the lead in both second and rounds of forthcoming presidential elections, after a week which has confirmed his position as the frontrunner. Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton has won the endorsement of film producer and director Steven Spielberg, ending a tug-of-war between Clinton and Senator Barack Obama for the Hollywood heavyweight's affections. Georgia on Thursday accused border guards from neighbouring Azerbaijan of shooting dead a 17-year-old Georgian who had accidentally crossed into Azerbaijani territory. Sixty Islamic terrorists, trained in Afghanistan by Osama bin Laden, are holed up in the town of Biyara in northern Iraq, guests of Saddam Hussein. Their assignment is to infiltrate the no-flight zone and to kill the Kurdish leaders, who Saddam assumes will be allied with the United States French champions Lyon heaped the pressure on title rivals Marseille after a convincing 1-0 win away to Strasbourg gave them an 11-point lead at the top of the league table. About 57 million people live in communities governed by associations, including homeowners associations, condominiums and cooperatives. A 2005 survey of association members by Zogby Research found: Despite record sales of its computer processors, chip-maker Advanced Micro Devices warned second-quarter earnings will fall far short of expectations. Jordan and Iraq will boost cooperation in the field of energy by building an oil pipeline linking the two sides, Jordanian Prime Minister Ali Abu Ragheb said here on Thursday.
t6712 The White House dismissed charges Tuesday it planned to scrap the phrase "V-J Day", short for Victory over Japan, from ceremonies marking the 50th anniversary of Japan's surrender to allied forces. Stewart Cink and J.J. Henry reeled off six consecutive birdies on the back nine Tuesday en route to a one-stroke victory over Brad Faxon and Zach Johnson in the CVS Caremark Charity Classic at the Rhode Island Country Club. The alleged victim of a notorious US priest sued the pope and the Vatican Thursday in an attempt to open the Catholic Church's secret files containing internal investigations into clergy sex abuse. But the vow crumbled over the weekend. It did not survive the latest words of several princes of the American church as they headed for the Vatican and a showdown, starting Tuesday, with Pope John Paul II. Among those summoned to Rome was Cardinal Edward Egan, the leader of British sprinter Victoria Pendleton and the men's pursuit team both struck gold at the World Track Cycling Championships here on Saturday. A computer hacker promoting Turkish nationalism posted a video and message on a U.S. Vietnam memorial Web site in recent days, blocking one of the site's search functions while defacing the site with a statement against the United States and Israel. A missile interceptor soared into the skies over a tiny Pacific isle Saturday and destroyed its target, a mock nuclear warhead traveling through space, the Pentagon said. The Germany-based InternetMediaHouse Asia (IMH) Tuesday opened its new office in Hong Kong, seeing Asia as the continent with the greatest number of Internet start-ups.
t2875 Iraqi Foreign Minister Mohammed Said al-Sahhaf on Saturday held talks here with Qatari leaders on the crippling UN embargo imposed on his country ahead of a Security Council review. The United States is troubled by reports of widespread voter fraud and coercion in Egyptian elections, and a spokesman said Wednesday that Washington is serious about bringing true democracy to Egypt. More than 250 flights to and from London's Heathrow and Gatwick airports were grounded on Thursday by volcanic ash drifting from a volcanic eruption in Iceland, airport operators said. The idea seemed simple: Figure out who the good guys are, give them easy-to-recognize and hard-to-counterfeit ID cards and let them breeze past airport security. Toyota are ready to hit the front in Formula One this season after Jarno Trulli secured their first ever podium in the Malaysian Grand Prix here Sunday. Every year when the monsoon rains pound South Asia, many of the poor children in Anouradha Bakshi's educational program become too sick from waterborne diseases such as diarrhea, typhoid and cholera to attend classes. Cathay Pacific Airways said Friday that travel plans by 12,100 passengers were disrupted by two days of bad weather and a work slowdown by pilots. Meanwhile, an executive complained that an unusual number of cockpit crew members have been calling in sick. Eleven British navy soldiers were injured Thursday when a fire broke out in the engine room of a British Royal Navy assault ship on its way to Sierra Leone.
t7839 She's lobbied, protested and threatened to starve herself to learn the fate of her husband, a Guatemalan rebel. Now, nearly three years later, Jennifer Harbury has the US government on the defensive. Russia's foreign minister warned Washington on Thursday that U.S. refusal to accept a Russian proposal of a joint missile defense would strengthen Moscow's belief that the prospective American missile shield is directed against Russia. He called the current state of relations "alarming." The struggling St. Louis Rams made former Heisman Trophy winner Sam Bradford the first overall pick in the NFL entry draft on Thursday. Hewlett-Packard shareholders elected a new board of directors Friday that excludes dissident director Walter Hewlett, who led a contentious proxy battle against the company's proposed merger with Compaq Computer. The World Health Organisation recommended that four countries go on a Marburg alert around Angola, the epicentre of an outbreak of the deadly Ebola-like virus which has now claimed 174 lives, a top WHO official told AFP on Thursday. More than 100 outside scientists suggested Tuesday that political pressure may have led federal officials to water down protections for the northern spotted owl in a recently revised recovery plan for the threatened bird. Apple Computer Inc. reported a 70 percent drop in third-quarter profits Tuesday, but the results beat Wall Street's expectations by two cents a share. The general price index at Tehran Stock Exchange closed at 2,844.51 points on Monday, up 4.41 points from Sunday's finish.
t3190 Kazakhstan was in political limbo Sunday after President Nursultan Nazarbayev dissolved parliament and the government after a constitutional court ruling that the March 1994 general elections were illegal. U.S. troops detained 25 suspected insurgents in raids against al-Qaida in Iraq over the past two days, the U.S. military said Thursday. The US commander in Afghanistan said Friday that the military is wasting money by employing too many private contractors to do jobs better done by soldiers or local Afghans. In the bloodiest single day for Israeli troops in the 18-month-old Palestinian uprising, at least 13 soldiers were killed and seven wounded, one critically, during intense fighting Tuesday for control of the Jenin refugee camp, where a six-day battle has already claimed more than 150 Palestinian lives. A corporate battle to provide hair loss solutions in Japan heated up Monday with the nation's top cosmetics maker Shiseido launching a new tonic to rival the market leader. Fourteen months after Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice offered to talk to Iran, the failure of carrot-and-stick diplomacy to block Tehran's nuclear and regional ambitions is producing a new drumbeat for bolder action, including the possible use of force. Four years ago, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani caused an international incident when he threatened to suspend the driving privileges of foreign diplomats who didn't pay their parking tickets. Xinhua is releasing dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major Chinese regions in the first three quarters of this year.
t7199 Pressure mounted Thursday for NATO Secretary-General Willy Claes to step down in connection with a Belgian bribery scandal after the resignation of Foreign Minister Frank Vandenbroucke. Up from the countryside and desperate for work, 16-year-old Chen Chenggong jumped at the well-paying factory job offered by the unknown man who approached him at the train station. The US and other Western nations have warned of attacks on foreigners in New Delhi, heightening security concerns in the capital, with shopping areas and busy markets said to be prime targets. A Senate committee approved legislation on Wednesday to prohibit job discrimination based on sexual orientation, advancing a bill the Senate could pass this year but the House is unlikely to take up. The alleged victim who reached an out-of-court settlement with Michael Jackson in a 1993 sexual abuse case will refuse to testify against the pop star in his current molestation trial, the accuser's uncle said Monday. In another indication of troubled times in the housing market, a report yesterday showed that sales of existing homes fell in August for the sixth straight month. Jelena Dokic of Yugoslavia was upset Monday in the first round of the $110,000 WTA Sanex Trophy, losing 6-4, 6-2 to Denise Chladkova of the Czech Republic. Zambian Vice-President Christon Tembo Thursday urged countries of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) to create an effective legislative framework to improve the detection, exposure and punishment of corruption perpetrators.
t1653 Taliban student militants who have seized a third of Afghanistan haved vowed to impose Islam's Shariah law across the war-torn country, but economic realities appear to be tempering their campaign. China, where 85 percent of its 1.3 billion population share just 100 surnames, may soon allow children to take a combination of their parents' family names to avoid confusion, state media reported Tuesday. US senators back from Afghanistan said Wednesday that President Hamid Karzai gave assurances he supported US involvement after his string of biting criticisms of foreign powers. Vijay Singh used the flagstick on the sixth hole as a pointer Wednesday, tracing an imaginary line to the hole for amateur partner Paul Brown of Duluth. The putt would break to the right, Singh told him. The Ukrainian parliament Thursday decided to cut the strength of the 285,000-member armed forces by 40,000 and reduce the length of military service from 18 to 12 months for ordinary soldiers. ``Star Trek'' has appeared in enough incarnations through the years that even the most casual science-fiction viewer has probably been hooked by at least one version of the franchise. ``Star Trek: Fan Collective -- Captain's Log,'' the latest installment in a series of themed ``Star Trek'' DVD releases, is OPEC members agreed Tuesday to continue pumping oil at current levels of production but braced for softer crude prices as Iraq showed a willingness to resume its suspended oil shipments. The first world conference dealing with recuperating and preserving people's health will be held in December 26-31 in this capital of southwest China's Yunnan Province.
t4728 A cargo ship carrying reprocessed nuclear waste from France to Japan is now almost certain to round Cape Horn, the environmental group Greenpeace said Thursday, calling the route one of the most dangerous. An Ohio National Guard pilot was killed when his F-16 fighter crashed shortly after takeoff from Balad Air Base in central Iraq, an Air Force spokesman reported Saturday. European air traffic is expected to return to normal on Thursday, after a week of cancellations and disruption due to the ash cloud from an Icelandic volcano, the intergovernmental Eurocontrol said. Carroll Collins marked her 48th birthday by cooking for 140 people. But don't feel bad for her _ she enjoyed it. In fact, Collins, a marketing director for a housewares company near Boston, paid $50 (it's now $75) to be ``chef for a day'' in November at the Woodstock Germany's powerful DGB union federation welcomed on Wednesday a decision by European Union leaders to revise their controversial plans to free up Europe's vast services sector. For 36-year-old Donald Crowhurst, a father of four whose marine electronics business was on shaky ground, the London Sunday Times Golden Globe sailing race around the world was just the ticket to help his family and make his business a going concern. They are from different parties and different regions, but two freshmen lawmakers share a common bond: They survived the two most expensive House races in the last election, and both want to outlaw the unregulated political donations that financed them. Chinese President Jiang Zemin here Sunday held talks with Lao President Khamtay Siphandone, during which the two heads of state reached complete consensus on all issues they discussed.
t1746 The fight against crime and corruption in Russia touched off by the slaying of a top television executive has exacerbated a power struggle between President Boris Yeltsin and Moscow Mayor Yuri Luzhkov. An anti-terrorist judge in Paris has filed preliminary charges against three suspected members of the armed Basque group ETA, judicial officials said Tuesday. Activists bidding to raise 12.5 million dollars to prevent Los Angeles's iconic Hollywood sign from development have been granted 16 more days to come up with the cash, it was announced Wednesday. Marlon St. Julien finished second in the jockey standings at Lone Star Park at Grand Prairie in 1997 and won the title in '98. For the first time since then, St. Julien is back at Lone Star on a full-time basis. Britain's finance minister, Gordon Brown, is a better asset for the ruling Labour Party than Prime Minister Tony Blair in the run up to an expected May general election, a poll published Friday found. The California Supreme Court on Thursday salvaged thousands of tough criminal sentences that had been put in question by a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that the state's sentencing law was unconstitutional. Eight-time NL batting champion Tony Gwynn was activated from the 15-day disabled list by the San Diego Padres on Tuesday. Philippine President Joseph Estrada appealed to the political opposition Saturday to put patriotism over politics and "stop sacrificing the economy to suit their quest for power."
t4683 The governor of Taiwan's Central Bank of China (CBC), Liang Kuo-shu, has resigned for health reasons after 10 months in the post, the Economic Daily News said Thursday. Flyhalf Stephen Donald scored 20 points, kicking seven goals and scoring a 90-meter solo try, as New Zealand's Junior All Blacks trounced Australia A 50-0 to seal the Pacific Nations Cup rugby tournament Saturday. Eye-stinging, sulphuric dust enveloped farmland under Iceland's erupting volcano Monday, but not enough to stifle a growing sense that the worst may be over. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of MONDAY, APRIL 15, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Growth of the British economy accelerated towards the end of last year, but economic growth for 2004 just missed finance minister Gordon Brown's target of 3.1 percent, official data showed on Wednesday. Rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere might be contributing to the conversion of the world's grasslands -- critical for livestock grazing -- into a landscape of useless woody shrubs, according to a study released Monday. The Palestinian who drove a suicide bomber to the Tel Aviv seafront where he blew himself up in a crowd of teen-agers June 1 was charged Tuesday with murder. Voters in the Czech Republic are going to polls Sunday to elect their first representatives to 13 regional assemblies since the country separated from the former Czechoslovakia in 1993, local media reported.
t2004 Kenya will soon separate inmates infected with the HIV virus from other prisoners to prevent the spread of AIDS in the country's crowded jails, the press reported Thursday. Italian Foreign Minister Massimo D'Alema arrived in Ankara on Tuesday for two days of talks on Turkey's bid to join the European Union and economic relations. Britain's third largest party, the Liberal Democrats, promised a huge tax cut for low-earners Wednesday as they unveiled their manifesto for May 6 election based on building a "fairer" country. Arabs reacted with optimism and unease to the speech by President Bush on Thursday, welcoming direct American involvement in attempts to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict while worrying that the president may fail to halt the hounding of Yasser Arafat. Nepal is nearing a humanitarian crisis, the United Nations and donor agencies warned Friday, urging security forces and Maoist rebels not to block vital aid and to protect civilians. A Washington Post obituary of Odile Crick incorrectly reported the location of the home she had for years in England. The home, called the Golden Helix, was in Cambridge. Andre Agassi overcame a slow start Wednesday and earned a Wimbledon semifinal berth against Patrick Rafter for the third consecutive year. The humanitarian situation in the war-torn Angola is deteriorating as a result of the increase of the war-displaced population and its inaccessibility to food and aid, the country's official news agency Angop reported Monday.
t7824 Competition to peg winners for Monday's Oscar presentations was heating up here Friday, with bookies in the gambling capital of the United States saying the odds for leader "Forrest Gump" were narrowing. Nearly 200 supporters of an Islamic separatist group in Indian-controlled Kashmir burned effigies of Salman Rushdie on Thursday, and marched to protest Britain's knighthood award to the Indian-born novelist. Mexico arrested a second suspect, a member of the Los Aztecas gang, who confessed to taking part in the killing of a US consulate official, authorities have said. In 1997, Michel Zaleski left the investment partnership he had helped found and put some of his profits into a family foundation. UN Secretary General Kofi Annan arrived in Rome late Thursday to attend the funeral of Pope John Paul II, describing him as "one of the greatest spiritual figures of our time." Free home cleaning: Weiman Home Care Products is offering five winners biweekly maid service for a year. Enter online at www.weiman.com or via mail by submitting an essay of 200 words or fewer explaining why the service is needed. Service is provided by Merry Maids. The contest ends Oct. Second-quarter profits at Intel Corp. fell 94 percent, but the world's leading maker of computer chips beat Wall Street's expectations Tuesday. Unseeded home player Thomas Johansson defeated Yevgeny Kafelnikov in straight sets for the Stockholm Open tennis tournament here on Sunday.
t1069 Venerando Christaldi, a suspected Mafia boss and brother of Salvatore Christaldi, head of the criminal organisation's armed branch, was arrested Monday, police said. Luis Figo will play one more season for Inter Milan before ending his career and taking on an administrative role with the Serie A champion. Apple updated its line of MacBook Pro laptops on Tuesday, extending battery life, adding faster processors and more powerful graphic chips from Nvidia. Victor Morales has come to view the battered white pickup that propelled him to political stardom six years ago as a ventriloquist might look upon a wooden dummy that always seems to grab top billing. Fishermen trawling the edge of the continental shelf off southern Australia have found a pair of Wellington boots containing what appeared to be human remains, police said Thursday. Kasi Lemmons' movie is called ``Talk to Me,'' but what it really does is sing to you, in the argot and cadences of soul, jazz, rock and rhythm and blues. This fact-based story of the Washington, D.C., broadcast personality Petey Greene (Don Cheadle) and his partnership and friendship with Playboy Enterprises Inc. is buying three hard-core pornography networks for cable TV, confirming the company's shift beyond the tamer material it has been known for. China issued a special envelope today to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the War to resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea.
t5515 Nigeria's military junta Saturday rejected foreign criticism of its arrest of former head of state Olusegun Obasanjo and other military officers and civilians held over a failed coup attempt. Lawmakers pocketing wads of state money intended for their staff. A bloated presidential palace whose upkeep is a stunning four times that of Buckingham Palace. Communities just above the sea level getting state subsidies destined for mountain villages. Boston Marathon officials on Tuesday confirmed Kenyan Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot's victory in the famed race's 114th running despite his brief use of a sidewalk in a record-setting run. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. European Central Bank head Jean-Claude Trichet voiced concern Thursday about reforms to the European Union's fiscal rules agreed by EU leaders this week. At the start of the film, Jonathan (Louis Garrel) rises from his brother's bed, goes out to the terrace, turns to face the viewer, apologizes for the embarrassment his direct camera address might cause and proceeds to explain that his brother Paul (Romain Duris) has returned home following a News that Microsoft expects to beat quarterly revenue estimates boosted stocks Thursday, allowing Wall Street to build on momentum from better-than-expected earnings from Yahoo! and Motorola. Five members of the Capri Com Ama Dablam expedition team of Switzerland reached the summit of the 6,812-meter-high Mt. Ama Dablam on November 7 and 8, according to the Nepali Ministry of Tourism and Civil Aviation.
t656 A self-taught chef has won France's highest gastronomic accolade, a three-star mention in the latest Michelin guide to haute cuisine, it was announced Sunday. Asashoryu defeated fellow grand champion Hakuho in the championship match in day one of the Grand Sumo Tournament in Hawaii late Saturday, spoiling Hakuho's yokozuna debut. An official probe Monday said several former leaders, including an ex-premier, were guilty of "extreme negligence" in the lead-up to the 2008 financial crisis that crippled Iceland's economy. Andre Agassi had failed on 15 of 17 break points through two sets Friday in the Nasdaq-100 Open semifinals. But as he waited for the start of the third set, he was optimistic. Construction of new US houses rose 0.5 percent in February to a seasonally adjusted 2.195 million annualized units, the highest rate in 21 years, the Commerce Department estimated Wednesday. When Jerome Post and his partner, Paul Renwick, decided to leave California and move here six years ago, the couple wrestled with a common family concern: One of them needed a job that offered good health insurance. The Washington Capitals picked up Adam Oates' $3 million contract option for the 2001-02 season Saturday, beating a midnight deadline, but the veteran center angrily demanded to be traded. Shenzhen Composite Index closed at 606.59 points on Monday, up 4.35 points or 0.72 percent compared with last close. The sub-index closed at 4,611.93 points, which was 0.05 points down from last close.
t2445 Singapore has empowered accountancy firm Price Waterhouse to obtain overseas evidence in a widening probe into the affairs of Barings' futures unit here which was at the centre of the collapse of Barings merchant bank, officials said on Friday. Iran's parliament on Wednesday voted in favor of a bill that could lead to death penalty for persons convicted of working in the production of pornographic movies. Envoys of six major powers held another closed-door meeting here Thursday on a new package of UN sanctions against Iran but imposed a news blackout on their deliberations, a source close to the talks said. Before emerging as one of Colombia's most polemic politicians, Ingrid Betancourt grew up in Paris where she lived in a plush apartment, hobnobbed with diplomats and exchanged verses with Chilean poet Pablo Neruda. Niger authorities have banned further demonstrations planned next week against the cost of living after violence marred a protest in the capital on Tuesday. American Home Mortgage Investment Corp. stopped trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday after its stock plunged 39 percent in a pre-market sell-off fueled by the Friday night disclosure that the company is in far worse shape than it previously had acknowledged. Examples of the legal drinking age in some other countries, sometimes different from the legal age for buying alcohol in that country. Addressing a forum on Palestinian-Israeli conflict here on Tuesday, Ashrawi said the Middle East peace process "is not just a U.S. project," adding that the Europeans and Arab countries need to play a role.
t2616 Philippine President Fidel Ramos arrived here Friday on a two-day visit aimed at boosting ties with Iran which have remained severely limited in recent years. Elder statesman Shimon Peres was elected Israel's ninth president on Wednesday in a race that capped his six-decade political career, but was overshadowed by rape allegations against the sitting president. Kuwaiti Oil Minister Sheikh Ahmad Abdullah al-Sabah said on Thursday that OPEC will step in to alter output if crude prices top 100 dollars a barrel. Dozens of middle-aged and gray-haired protesters demonstrated on Sunday afternoon against the sexual abuse of children by Roman Catholic priests, gathering outside the padlocked iron gate at the headquarters of the Royal Dublin Society in the leafy suburb of Ballsbridge. Tens of thousands of people marched through European cities Saturday, banging drums, waving banners and posters denouncing the "war on terror" on the second anniversary of the US-led invasion of Iraq. They were one of those New York couples: good-looking and ridiculously gifted. She had a voracious mind that intimidated nearly everyone. He was a certified art star, with appearances at the Whitney Museum and a CD cover for Beck among his lengthy list of credits. Cliff Floyd won't have a problem flying to Seattle if he wants to confront Bobby Valentine in person about being snubbed for the All-Star Game. With the 14th game of the Brain Games World Championship ending in a draw, Garry Kasparov came one step closer to losing his world chess number one crown on Tuesday night.
t2819 A portion of Hong Kong's foreign reserves of 348 billion Hong Kong dollars (45.02 billion US) were placed with fund managers from failed Barings bank, but the money is not in danger, a spokesperson of the territory's central bank said Saturday. A former Cypriot foreign minister, Ioannis Kasoulides, on Wednesday said he will be a candidate in presidential elections on the island nation next year. The first analysis of black boxes from the Polish plane that crashed in Russia killing President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others show pilot error was a cause of the tragedy, a report said Thursday. Napster and its offspring _ are now undermining the established economics of music. And everything we know about digital technologies suggests that Napster is only the beginning. The Lebanese opposition spurned a plea for dialogue Sunday from the pro-Syrian president, deepening an impasse in Lebanese politics as a UN envoy said he feared another political killing in the country. Frank Rosenfelt, who headed the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film studio for financier Kirk Kerkorian during the 1970s and early 1980s, died Thursday in Los Angeles. He was 85. State health insurance programs could pay for prenatal care and child birth by classifying an ``unborn child'' as a person who is eligible for services under a new policy being considered by the Bush administration. Over 400 leading East Asian entrepreneurs kicked off an annual meeting here Thursday, focusing on the new opportunities and challenges in the region's business sector, especially the small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and the new economy.
t8895 Former American president Jimmy Carter has negotiated a two-month ceasefire from midnight Tuesday in the civil war that has raged for 12 years and left more than a million dead in Sudan. Corn prices fell Friday as rain in the Midwest eased concerns that drought would damage this year's crop but wheat prices continued to rise as even favorable weather wasn't expected to rescue the harvest. Real Madrid striker Raul Gonzalez will miss the rest of the season after he sprained his ankle during a weekend Spanish league match, the club said Monday. It was the kind of get-acquainted meeting that passes for relaxation in the nation's capital. On one side of the gleaming cocktail table at the trendy Caucus Room restaurant sat US Senator John F. Kerry; on the other side was Andrew Stern, president of the Service Employees International Union, Top seed and defending champion Lindsay Davenport cruised past Russian seventh seed Nadia Petrova 6-0, 6-3 on Saturday to reach the final of the WTA claycourt tournament here. The first thing to know about "Women's Murder Club," ABC's newest entry into the crowded crime-procedural genre, is that it's as much a chick-bonding show as a murder-solving one. Which is good and bad, depending on what you're looking for to fill the television dead zone that is Friday The European Court of Human Rights on Thursday dropped its request to delay American Ira Einhorn's extradition, clearing the way for the convicted murderer to be sent home to the United States. China has already set up six centers engaged in the treatment of AIDS, according to Cao Yunzhen, deputy director of the National Center for AIDS Prevention and Control.
t9288 More than 200 Kurdish fighters and six civilians died in a new wave of clashes between rival Iraqi Kurdish factions, officials said here Wednesday. The seemingly unstoppable Sebastien Bourdais won the pole for the Grand Prix of Cleveland by holding off rookie Simon Pagenaud and a pack of first-year Champ Car series racers on Saturday. Portugal must respond to an "attack from the markets," Finance Minister Fernando Teixeira dos Santos said on Tuesday after Standard &amp; Poor's downgraded the country's credit ratings. Mark Bagley is an average Cobb County guy who enjoys playing pool, lifting weights and hiking Kennesaw Mountain. He's got your typical middle-aged, middle-class worries: the mortgage, the economy and his teenage daughter _ who wants to get a piercing, for Pete's sake. Penelope Cruz's desert adventure "Sahara" scorched its competition to take top spot at the North American box office over the weekend, raking in an estimated 18.5 million dollars in its debut, preliminary figures showed Sunday. Provincial reconstruction teams, the civilian centerpiece of the Bush administration's strategy in Iraq, are making "incremental" progress in some areas and very little in others, a government auditor told Congress Thursday. Award-winning jailhouse journalist Wilbert Rideau, whose conviction for the 1961 murder of a bank teller had been overturned, was charged anew with the crime Thursday. Banerjee said that although she was not involved in day-to-day functioning of the railways, she could neither "escape" nor "avoid " taking moral responsibility for the accident, according to official sources here.
t191 Former Italian prime minister Giulio Andreotti said he had a clear conscience Friday after a court ruled he should stand trial on alleged links with the Sicilian Mafia. Winger Joe Rokocoko scored two tries as New Zealand beat France 61-10 in the second rugby test Saturday, sweeping the two-test series and setting a world record of 23 straight home wins. Afghan security forces were on Sunday questioning nine medical workers, including three Italians, after what officials said was a plot to kill a provincial governor. At the dawn of television, everything was up for grabs. Comedy, drama, news, advertising _ what the medium was going to be was anybody's guess, and everything was there for the taking. About 250 protesters demanding cancellation of poor countries' debt converged Tuesday outside the embassies of the Group of Seven industrialized nations to drum home their demands, organizers said. Chances are you've heard of the ``Bionic Woman,'' but what about actress Michelle Ryan? Or maybe you've picked up on the buzz about new television dramas ``Pushing Daisies'' or ``New Amsterdam.'' But do you know who actors Lee Pace or Nikolaj Coster-Waldau are? The Boeing Co. received 194 fewer jet orders in the first half of 2001 than it did during the same time period last year. The China International Exposition of Telecommunication Equipment and Technology (PT/Expo Comm China) will be held in Beijing from October 24 to 28.
t6611 Russia and Ukraine postponed a summit meeting between their leaders here Tuesday after the two sides failed to reach agreement on dividing up the Black Sea fleet inherited from the former Soviet Union. In a June 17 story on Kobe Bryant, The Associated Press reported the Los Angeles Lakers star had posted a new statement on his Web site intimating he wants to be traded. The story should have said the statement was issued last month and then reposted to the site A once-rejected NewsToons political satire application for the iPhone was available at iTunes on Tuesday after Apple granted its Pulitzer Prize winning creator a reprieve. The Israeli government is strongly considering whether to expel Yasser Arafat from the region because it feels that dealing with the Palestinian leader is a dead end, a high-level official said Monday. Three twisted carriages stand as a grim reminder of the December tsunamis that engulfed the "Ocean Queen" train, sending more than 1,000 passengers to their deaths and ripping up the tracks. As of Oct. 2, the airline will end its long-standing policy of allowing people with young children to board ahead of most passengers, Southwest spokeswoman Beth Harbin said Tuesday. The jury in the federal racketeering trial of reputed mobster Joseph ``Skinny Joey'' Merlino and six others began deliberations Saturday, weighing more than three months of testimony. The purchase of an average- priced new vehicle in the United States during the third quarter this year required 23.2 weeks of median family income before tax, according to a report released Monday.
t7308 The expulsion of Kurds from Germany resumed Thursday, when the state of Bavaria carried out the first deportation of a Kurdish asylum- seeker following the end of a moratorium on such expulsions. Conrad Black's defense attorney made a final emotional appeal to jurors Wednesday, urging them to understand that the fallen media magnate "is a little bit of a stubborn man but an innocent man." South Korea's Hynix Semiconductor said Thursday it posted record quarterly sales in the three months to March on the back of strong demand, achieving a third straight quarter in the black. Ten years after riots over acquittal of four white officers in the Rodney King beating rocked Los Angeles, most Angelenos see improvements in race relations, cultural diversity, neighborhoods and law enforcement, according to a long-term survey. A massive "jolt" was felt in India's Andamans and Nicobar Islands late Monday, sending islanders still recovering from the December 26 tsunamis fleeing in panic, a hotelier reached by telephone said. On the bloodiest day in Gaza since Israel declared it a "hostile territory" last week, Defense Minister Ehud Barak warned that the military was "moving closer to a broad and complex operation" in the enclave ruled by the Islamic movement Hamas. A plan that could grant legal status to up to 3 million Mexicans living illegally in the United States is being weighed by the Bush administration in one of the largest amnesty programs ever considered. The first batch of CMOS digital cameras made by China has recently rolled off the production line in Wuhan, according to local media report.
t9107 Gunmen opened fire on a prominent opponent of Haitian President Jean Bertrand-Aristide Tuesday, killing her and her driver, Haitian authorities said. Dozens of Russians brawled with people from the Caucasus and Central Asia in what Moscow police said was a coordinated attack by anti-immigrant and right-wing activists. Nearly two dozen people were arrested and one person was hospitalized. Daniel Sedin scored the deciding goal with 2:03 remaining and the Vancouver Canucks beat Los Angeles 4-2 Sunday to win their first-round National Hockey League playoff series four games to two. Q: I am building a counter top of 3/4''-thick plywood with rounded corners and plan to cover the top and edges with Formica or similar laminate. China's foreign ministry said Sunday it was not responsible for the current state of Sino-Japanese relations, blaming worsening ties on Japan's failure to atone for its wartime past. For 16 months, they have shared a clutch of tidy rooms in a small refugee camp in this city, living alongside a few dozen others whose lives were unraveled by war or persecution or both. A Vermont man who cleaned out a mouse nest and trapped mice in his kitchen fell ill in the first known case in New England of a rare, rodent-borne disease usually seen in the Southwest, the government said Thursday. The Bangladeshi government is to pursue passage of a law in the next session of parliament, seeking to ensure equal rights for the disabled people, Finance Minister Shah A.M.S. Kibria disclosed here Sunday.
t9923 A Romanian airliner with dozens of people aboard crashed near Bucharest Friday during a snowstorm, the Romanian news agency Rompres reported. A suicide bomber apparently targeting a meeting of U.S.-allied Sunni sheiks penetrated layers of security and blew himself up in the lobby of a leading Baghdad hotel on Monday, killing four of the tribal leaders and at least eight other people, police reported. Madagascar's strongman leader, Andry Rajoelina, said Wednesday he is willing to share his government with rival leaders as fresh talks began aimed at ending the country's political crisis. The man who used to train War Emblem watched the colt's Kentucky Derby victory on television in Chicago on Saturday, feeling anything but sad, or so he said. The United States on Monday rejected Iranian complaints and legal threats over US plans to provide three million dollars to promote democracy and human rights in the Islamic Republic. The young Buddhist monk arrived here by boat last week from Myanmar, exhausted and disheveled, with no passport, the stubble of his hair dyed blond for a disguise, and wearing a traditional Myanmar longyi wrap instead of his saffron-colored robe. He had to elude capture by running barefoot, racing Two small bombs ripped through offices of the mayor and a national senator in Medellin on Friday, causing extensive damage but no injuries, police said. Member banks of MasterCard International in Bangladesh have formed the country's first-ever cards industry forum, the Bangladesh Cooperation Committee, a press release said here Thursday.
t183 For the fourth straight year, Sarajevo on Friday celebrated under siege the end of the Moslem holy month of fasting, Ramadan. An Israeli Cabinet minister confirmed Saturday that the Israeli government has sent messages to Syria, but did not reveal the content. Britain's too close to call general election is set to come alive this week after a lacklustre start, with the three main party leaders going head-to-head in a TV debate and the launch of manifestos. Last night Payton showed his love for the game, overcoming an injury that would have forced another player to the bench, the hospital, anywhere but the floor at KeyArena. A Brazilian firm on Tuesday delivered the world's first ethanol-burning production aircraft to a crop-spraying company and it sees a booming market for alcohol powered planes. When Brad Bird was brought in to take over ``Ratatouille,'' a new movie about -- sacre bleu! -- a rodent in a five-star Parisian restaurant, he immediately took issue with the rats. The Pentagon has concluded the commander of the Marine Corps' V-22 Osprey squadron falsified maintenance records but the deception played no role in two fatal crashes of the tilt-rotor aircraft last year, Defense Department officials said Friday. The Argentine Chamber of Deputies Thursday passed the economic emergency law and the anti- tax evasion law, which have both already cleared the Senate.
t8443 The five-nation "contact group" -- Britain, France, Germany, Russia and the United States -- on the former Yugoslavia met here Monday morning in a bid to renew peace efforts as the situation in Bosnia rapidly deteriorates. U.S. envoy Christopher Hill expresses confidence that North Korea's denuclearization can be achieved, but says it will take time and effort. President Barack Obama leads mourners Sunday at a memorial service for the 29 men killed this month in the worst US mining disaster in decades, saying they died in pursuit of the American dream. Gary Payton has validated his nickname, The Glove, his bio having been stamped with NBA All-Defensive first team the last eight years. The United Nations has urged Myanmar's military authorities to embrace dialogue and national reconciliation to address political uncertainty in the Asian nation. The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences on Tuesday honored two scientists whose discovery revolutionized digital data storage, awarding the 2007 Nobel Prize in physics for work that allows millions to sway to music on their iPods and to store a lifetime's photographs on palm-size devices. Thunderstorms dumped up to 6 inches of rain on the city, killing a man and his daughter and knocking out power to 26,000 customers. Haiti's Provisional Electoral Council declared former President Jean Bertrand Aristide winner of Sunday's presidential elections; he was the only candidate because of an opposition boycott, reports from Port-au- Prince said.
t1987 Japan's NEC Corp. will start importing next month 16-megabit dynamic random access memory (DRAM) chips from its US plant as part of efforts to cope with the yen's rapid rise, a spokesman said Thursday. Hamas gunmen attacked the headquarters of Fatah-allied forces in northern Gaza with mortars and grenades Tuesday and captured several smaller positions, in what Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas of Fatah alleged was a coup attempt by the Islamic militants. The UN nuclear watchdog called for increased funding to maintain its campaign to ensure global atomic security, which President Barack Obama's nuclear summit this week hailed as "essential". The first military command charged with defending the continental United States from terrorist attacks and responding to natural disasters could be formally approved by the end of the month, Richard Myers, chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Thursday. Indian batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid built on Anil Kumble's effort with half-centuries to put the second Test against Pakistan in an intriguing position here on Friday. The House Judiciary Committee said Monday that it would move forward with contempt of Congress proceedings against President Bush's chief of staff, Joshua Bolten, and former White House counsel Harriet E. Miers for refusing to comply with congressional subpoenas pertaining to the investigation of the firing of eight U.S. Food Lion and Kash n' Karry grocery chains pulled their store brand white corn tortilla chips from shelves Tuesday in response to concerns raised by the Food and Drug Administration about StarLink genetically modified corn used in the chips. Syrian President Bashar al- Assad met visiting Chinese Deputy Foreign Minister Ji Peiding at the People's Palace here Sunday to discuss the situation in the Middle East and Syrian-Chinese bilateral ties.
t3950 East Germany's last communist leader Egon Krenz and six other former party officials have been charged with homicide and attempted homicide for their role in the deaths of fugitives on the border between the two Germanies, judicial officials said Tuesday. The San Antonio Spurs moved in among the NBA's greatest franchises with an 83-82 victory and a four-game sweep of first-time finalists the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday. A public memorial service for the 96 victims of last weekend's air crash that killed Poland's president began Saturday, drawing tens of thousands of mourners to a square in the heart of Warsaw. Using a musical analogy common in his native Dominican Republic, Nelson Cruz requests patience for the Astros' bullpen. The season is only nine games old, he points out, but he acknowledges the sour notes performed by him and his fellow relievers. Kyrgyzstan's top election official said Tuesday a parliamentary election that has sparked unrest in the nation's volatile south was valid. If nothing else, Thursday's guilty verdict in the Jose Padilla case proves that the United States need not resort to star-chamber courts and primitive political justice to fight the war on terror. This kind of low-level aspiring terrorist can be handled easily by the U.S. constitutional system. President Bush challenged Congress as it returned to work Monday to send him education legislation and a patients' bill of rights that he can sign before starting summer vacation next month. China United Coalbed Methane Co. Ltd. (CUCBM) signed three production sharing contracts here today, with the US Texaco Petroleum Company, to jointly explore coal-bed resources in west China.
t3802 South Korea will stage its first nationwide anti-disaster drill on Wednesday, alarmed by the devastating quake in Japan two months ago, government officials said Tuesday. A beleaguered Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas declared a state of emergency and disbanded the Hamas-led unity government after the Islamic militant group vanquished its Fatah rivals and effectively took control of the Gaza Strip on Thursday. Asian finance ministers pulled out en masse on Saturday from talks with their European counterparts in Madrid amid the travel chaos unleashed by the Icelandic volcano eruption. Early in BBC America's dramatic mini-series ``Almost Strangers,'' three elderly women watch a slide show of themselves as girls. A poignant image, to be sure, but like so much in this richly layered production, first impressions turn out to be just that _ only the beginning of stories within A Vietnamese commune where a five-year-old boy tested positive to avian flu last week is under scrutiny after local inhabitants reported a flu epidemic, doctors said Tuesday. Blair Underwood was behind mirrored shades at the rear of a local cafe, discussing his good fortune, flashing the wholesome, pearly-white smile that has paved the way for a solid career in television and film during the last 20 years. A Polish airliner bound for New York returned to Warsaw after it hit heavy turbulence and several crew members were injured, the national air carrier LOT reported Monday. The damages in agriculture sector in the 16 flood-hit districts stood at 109 million U.S. dollars, according to a preliminary report of the agriculture ministry released here Tuesday.
t1190 A posse of parents incensed that their children's teacher was transferred and not replaced stormed into her new school Monday and brought her back by force, education authorities said. Daliya Naji could barely concentrate as she studied for her final exam while Palestinian gunmen waged a battle outside her house all night. Other students barely made it past militant roadblocks to take their tests. An uncertain number of civilians may have been among up to 71 killed in Pakistani bombing raids in the country's northwestern tribal district of Khyber, survivors and officials said Tuesday. Government prosecutors acknowledged on Monday that they have no evidence linking John Walker Lindh, the American whom they accuse of fighting for the Taliban, with the death of any American, including Johnny Micheal Spann, the CIA officer who was killed in an uprising in an Afghan prison where Lindh Taiwan Defense Minister Lee Jye urged legislators on Thursday to approve a multi-billion dollar arms purchase package spread over 15 years, saying China will be strong enough to invade the island by 2020 without such a deterrent. As the Bush administration accelerates discussions about closing the U.S. military detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, a growing chorus of Democrats on Capitol Hill is imploring the State Department not to transfer detainees to countries that may torture them. Sales, 4 p.m. price and net change of the 15 most active New York Stock Exchange issues, trading nationally at more than $1. The goods and services tax ( GST), introduced in July 1 this year, drove inflation in Australia to a 10-year high of 6.1 percent in the third quarter, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said Wednesday.
t8494 The IMF has given itself one more month to complete a plan for a rescue fund to ensure that cash is available for any new crisis along the lines of the Mexican devaluation, monetary sources said on Monday. Nearly 200 professors, artists and others, some at universities in the United States, Britain or Japan, have signed a petition protesting at France's new Ministry of Immigration and National Identity. A US Senate investigative panel has released several emails that could prove embarrassing to Goldman Sachs as they suggest the Wall Street investment giant used the US sub-prime mortgage crisis to make tens of millions of dollars in profit. Now that the Los Angeles Lakers are finished dishing out their annual playoff torment on the Portland Trail Blazers, the attention turns to Seattle and San Antonio. The United Nations war crimes tribunal Friday indicted a former Bosnian Serb officer, Milorad Trbic, accused of crimes against humanity for his alleged role in the massacre at Srebrenica in July 1995. Opening in Hollywood FRIDAY "Berkeley" -- A middle-class college student experiences life at the epicenter of the 1960s counterculture movement. With Nick Roth, Henry Winkler, Laura Jordan, Sarah Carter and Bonnie Bedelia. Written and directed by Bobby Roth. "The Civilization of Maxwell Brightl" -- Patrick Warburton stars as a At his first full-scale news conference in Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin demonstrated a mastery of public relations Wednesday, nimbly switching from foreign to domestic policy and back again and deflecting questions about himself. Syrian Foreign Minister Faruk Shareh here on Thursday reiterated his country's full commitment to the Middle East peace process and to efforts to calm down the deteriorating situation in the region.
t1028 Russia and the International Monetary Fund are about to sign an accord for a six-billion-dollar loan, Finance Minister Vladimir Panskov said Monday. The majority Democrats in the Senate plan to hold a no-confidence vote Monday on embattled Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, forcing their Republican colleagues on the record about whether he should keep his job. Defending champions Pohang Steelers, 2008 runners-up Adelaide United, former champions Gamba Osaka and Saudi giants Al Hilal secured places in the AFC Champions League knockout round on Tuesday. ``Farscape'' returns from a long hiatus tonight at 9 on Sci Fi, with a season-ending, four-episode story arc. You don't have to be a geek to love this show, which has more interesting characters and a better sense of humor than any other space epic around. Eat your heart Joe Calzaghe intends to make amends for dropping his standards in recent fights when he defends his World Boxing Organisation (WBO) super-middleweight big punch in my last fight and I've had to go back to the drawing board. I've found more fire in myself and I'm back to how In a broadly worded legal opinion, the Justice Department has concluded that President Bush's former top lawyer, and possibly other senior White House officials, can ignore subpoenas from Congress to testify about the U.S. attorneys affair. Microchip maker Infineon Technologies AG, a spinoff of electronics giant Siemens, said Monday it will issue new shares worth an estimated $1.4 billion to help fund a new flagship factory and pay off short-term debt as it fights the industry's slump. The South African government Wednesday urged Cote d'Ivoire's political leaders to work out a peaceful solution to the current crisis in the country.
t1150 The European Union and Turkey on Monday concluded a customs union agreement that has been 30 years in the making. The euro continued its decline Monday against the U.S. dollar, which has been buoyed by diminishing expectations that the U.S. Federal Reserve might cut interest rates. Leaders of 47 nations at a Washington summit agreed Tuesday to secure nuclear materials around the world within four years. Two summers ago, Phil Baxter attended a weeklong hotel-marketing seminar at his alma mater, the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration. Two earthquakes jolted the tremor-prone Indonesian town of Bengkulu on Sumatra island, causing panic but no reported damage or casualties, meteorologists said Thursday. When it was finally published in Britain almost 50 years ago, D.H. Lawrence's 1928 novel ``Lady Chatterley's Lover'' prompted international outrage for its sexually explicit language, tacit acceptance of adultery and -- horrors! -- portrayal of an affair between people of different social stations. Dominik Hasek's collection of hockey hardware includes six Vezina trophies, a pair of Hart trophies and an Olympic gold medal. Now the Detroit Red Wings new goalie wants only one more trophy _ the Stanley Cup. The Philippine government will continue to do everything to address the problems hounding the Philippine economy, a senior cabinet member said Wednesday.
t6335 Responding to a question by Jim Kelly, Koch said: "I'm dedicated to a principle, and we're gonna see it through, one way or the other." Leaders of Chancellor Angela Merkel's "grand coalition" on Tuesday thrashed out a compromise on labor-market reform that fell short of the center-left Social Democrats' demands for an overall minimum wage and highlighted tensions in the left-right alliance. Greece kept cool on Wednesday despite another turn of the interest rate vice on its debt crisis just as crucial talks over a possible rescue with the EU and IMF began. EL SEGUNDO, Calif. - The Los Angeles Kings prefer not to dwell on their past playoff plight, so similar to their current situation. Four US troops were killed in a mine blast in the southeastern Afghan on Saturday morning, US military spokeswoman Lieutenant Cindy Moore told AFP. Every morning on his walk to work, high school teacher Graham Wright recited a favorite Anglican prayer and asked God for strength in the day ahead. Then two years ago, he just stopped. The NCAA paid $650,281 to settle a lawsuit filed by Kansas state treasurer Tim Shallenburger over what he said the association owed his Unclaimed Properties Division. The first ever Arab Women Summit held two sessions on Sunday to discuss the status of Arab women and factors which influence the improvement of their conditions.
t4039 The Russian miners union postponed a strike to press demands for unpaid wages that was due to start Wednesday, two weeks after putting off an earlier strike call, Interfax news agency reported Tuesday. Child sex abuse is rampant among Aborigines in remote northern Australia, a government report released Friday said, blaming widespread drunkenness and the breakdown of traditional societies as among the root causes. Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said in Tehran on Saturday that the use of nuclear arms is "haram," an Islamic term meaning "prohibited by religion." The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev Tuesday accused the nation's opposition of trying to stage a coup d'etat with its protests over a disputed parliamentary poll, and charged that it was directed and financed from abroad. Day after day last week, outgoing White House political strategist Karl Rove delivered slashing attacks on Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, the Democratic presidential front-runner. Her health care record was ``spotty and poor,'' he declared. Her candidacy was ``fatally flawed,'' he said, and no one with her negative poll numbers Webvan Group Inc., which sought to revolutionize grocery shopping by taking orders online and delivering to customers' homes, became the latest dot-com to fold Monday after burning through $830 million without making a profit. A Fiji trade delegation has postponed a visit to New Zealand because of a cold shoulder from the New Zealand government to the Fiji minister who is to lead it.
t7616 The consortium that won the right to develop a 214-hectare (529-acre) Fort Bonifacio property and the government body in charge of converting military bases have formed a 15-member board to carry out the development, an official said here Friday. Director Wes Craven is suing his neighbor, Pauly Shore, alleging that water from the comedian's home seeped down a slope and damaged the director's property. The Russian authorities on Friday dropped charges of illegal business activity against fugitive oil tycoon Mikhail Gutseriyev, opening the door for the oligarch to return home from Britain. The pattern was familiar, predictable, tedious. The Los Angeles Lakers would find it annoying if it weren't so oddly comforting. Japanese share prices closed 1.63 percent lower Tuesday in thin trade before the fiscal year-end, with sentiment hit badly by data that showed unemployment rising unexpectedly and household spending remaining sluggish, dealers said. CAIRO, Egypt-- After imprisoning or prodding into exile Egypt's leading secular opposition activists, the government is using detentions and legal changes to neutralize the country's last surviving major political movement, the Muslim Brotherhood. President Bush proposed Tuesday that the World Bank and other international lending institutions dramatically increase the share of their resources provided as grants rather than loans. U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan phoned Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov Friday on the Mideast situation after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's visit to Moscow, a Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman said Saturday.
t3698 The Sarajevo air lift will remain out of action until at least Thursday following a spate of attacks on planes, the United Nations said Monday. Al Gore, the former U.S. vice president-turned-environmentalist, said Thursday that he hoped to push the environmental agenda to the forefront of the 2008 U.S. presidential election -- but probably not as a candidate. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will not attend the funeral of Poland's presidential couple in Krakow on Sunday, a government spokeswoman said. Boozy lunches and dinners could soon get a whole lot boozier, thanks to a ``smart glass'' that tips off the bartender or waiter when it needs to be topped up. Ireland gave its full backing on Monday to UN Secretary General Kofi Annan's plans for sweeping reform of the world body, saying it would work to build wide support within the European Union. It's been a big summer for tweens and teens. First the final ``Harry Potter'' book and now the long-awaited television premiere of ``High School Musical 2.'' Teams from Chile and Ecuador arrived in Colombia on Sunday as authorities reiterated promises of top security for the America Cup tournament. Amani Abeid Karume, 52, candidate of the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party, on Tuesday won the second multiparty elections to become the new president of Zanzibar, a semiautonomous region in Tanzania, Chairman of the Zanzibar Electoral Commission Abdulrahman Mwinyi Jumbe announced.
t4260 A senior figure in Hong Kong's biggest corporate bankruptcy received a five-year prison sentence Wednesday, a day after pleading guilty to charges of conspiracy to defraud the Malaysian-owned bank for which he once worked. Banks play an important, though perhaps somewhat diminished, role in providing credit as consumers and businesses increasingly turn to other financial players, Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke said Friday. Air traffic remained seriously disrupted across Europe Sunday as a cloud of ash released from Iceland's volcanic eruption forced many countries to close their airspace. James Speciale loves baseball, car racing, golf and basketball. In the last 20 years, his passion for sports has grown into a memorabilia collection that the Elmira, N.Y., resident jokes could rival Cooperstown, the home of the Baseball Hall of Fame. The families of 32 alleged coup-plotters jailed in February on charges they tried to overthrow the government were Tuesday in the second day of a protest demanding visitation rights. Former central intelligence director George Tenet and his top lieutenants failed to marshal sufficient resources and provide the strategic planning needed to counter the threat of terrorism in the years before the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, according to a long-secret CIA report released Tuesday. Israeli army bulldozers demolished homes and shops in a Palestinian refugee camp early Tuesday, triggering a two-hour battle with Palestinian gunmen and sending civilians running for cover, some still in their pajamas. China's leading bank and securities house, the Industry and Commerce Bank of China (ICBC) and the Guotai Jun'an Securities Co. have recently agreed to work together to form a new brokerage service.
t2102 Local elections in which the left suffered a stinging defeat have confirmed a rightward shift in the balance of power within the Netherlands' broad-based governing coalition, analysts said Thursday. The national intelligence director has won White House approval to begin revising an executive order that lays out each spy agency's responsibilities and the government's protections against spying on Americans. Dressed only with a cloth around his waist and beads across his chest, Keshava Das sits cross-legged beside the Ganges like millions of other believers drawn to India's sacred river. The Rangers have dropped three of four in Oakland, their bullpen is in a shambles and their $71 million pitching ace is on the disabled list for the first time in his career. Five South African lawmakers from the governing ANC party on Friday pleaded guilty in a Cape Town court to fraud charges for falsifying claims for travel expenses in the "Travelgate" scandal, an official said. The House Judiciary Committee voted Wednesday to issue contempt citations for two of President Bush's closest aides, moving nearer to a constitutional confrontation with the White House over access to information about the Justice Department's dismissal of nine U.S. attorneys. Xtra Heat won for the 14th time in 16 starts, beating Above Perfection by a neck Wednesday at Belmont Park in the $200,000 Prioress Stakes for 3-year-old fillies. Another boatload of suspected illegal immigrants has been intercepted off the coast of the Western Australia state, the Australian Associated Press (AAP) reported Monday.
t2419 Australian car makers will be short-term losers but long-term winners of the global currency roller-coaster which has seen the Japanese yen surge to record heights against the US dollar, industry officials here believe. Berlin commuters on Wednesday found themselves sharing the road with escapees from a local zoo -- six horses, three camels, two goats and a llama. A huge cloud of ash from an Icelandic volcano drifted over northern Europe on Thursday, forcing the closure of vast swathes of international airspace and the cancellation of hundreds of flights. In his first match on grass in the United States, it was Sampras who started fast. And then it was Sampras who slipped a little. Preparations quickened Saturday for Israel's pullout from the Gaza Strip as a Palestinian militant splinter group ended its informal truce, the first small chink in the fragile demilitarization of the four-year-old uprising. Caesar salad -- romaine, croutons, Parmesan, egg, anchovies, olive oil, lemon juice. Aficionados have always debated whether to include the anchovies, whether to serve the leaves whole or chopped and whether to coddle the egg -- but what about the frisee, or the tarragon, or the polenta croutons? The NCAA women's basketball tournament will get more airtime and might see scheduling changes under terms of a new 11-year TV rights deal with ESPN announced Thursday. The MoU concerns projects in the areas including UNCTAD's computerized debt management and financial analysis system, its advance cargo information system, the computerization of government customs operations, and research and training in the fields of investment, technology and enterprise development.
t1477 An alliance of moderate conservatives and former communists has emerged as Estonia's leading political force after general elections, winning 43 of 101 parliamentary seats, definitive results showed Tuesday. A lawyer for a reputed drug kingpin accused of smuggling more than $100 million (euro75 million) in cocaine into the United States told a jury at the opening of a trial Monday that her client was a drug dealer, but never meant for the drugs to go to the Polish President Lech Kaczynski will lie in state from Tuesday for grieving citizens to pay their respects, as his wife's body was flown out of Moscow after the air crash that killed them. Federal and state officials Tuesday announced the nation's first cooperative effort to fight Internet fraud across state and international boundaries, but conceded the limitations of their initiative. New Sunni MP Mishaan Jubouri picks up a well-polished black Famas assault rifle and a sack of Iraqi currency. The man who made a fortune under Saddam Hussein says he wants to represent Iraq's insurgency in parliament. Like a lot of British indie rockers, The Cribs initially went the shock-and-awe route, generating over-the-top, in-your-face blasts to build buzz and gain attention, then attempting to hold on to it for dear life. A typhoon that ripped through southern China damaged thousands of homes and demolished crops, causing at least $450 million in damage and leaving three people missing, officials and state media said Tuesday. The China Listed Companies Exposition is to be staged on November 30-December 3 in Shanghai, with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission.
t5899 Twenty-two prisoners died in an overcrowded jail cell in the Rwandan capital Kigali, Rwandan radio said in a report monitored by the BBC. Phil Mickelson withdrew from this week's Travelers Championship to rest his inflamed left wrist that he injured while preparing for the U.S. Open. Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Tuesday diplomacy is the best way to resolve the row over Iran's atomic programme and that Ankara is ready to mediate between Tehran and world powers. Beer drinkers picking up a six-pack of imported suds or ordering an exotic-sounding brew in their favorite ethnic restaurant may want to take a closer look at the label. They might be surprised by how close to home their foreign beer is really brewed. The death toll in an outbreak of the deadly Ebola-like Marburg virus in Angola has risen to 113, with 111 deaths in the northern Uige province and two in the capital Luanda, health officials said Friday. Russian authorities have refused to renew the visa of an American labor activist working with a dockworkers union in Kaliningrad, the latest in a series of visa denials targeting Western trade unionists, business people, journalists and lawyers whose activities attracted the suspicion of state officials. Mark McGwire hit his 563rd homer to tie Reggie Jackson for sixth on baseball's career list Thursday night, but the Detroit Tigers got a three-run shot from Tony Clark in a 7-5 win over the St. Louis Cardinals. Syria and Lebanon are expected to take further steps to develop bilateral ties in all domains, the official SANA news agency reported Friday.
t8538 German Chancellor Helmut Kohl plans to suspend a 150 million mark (107 million dollar) military aid package to Turkey to protest the Turkish offensive against Kurds in northern Iraq, a leading member of his party said Monday. The chief of Russia's main KGB successor agency said Friday that it had prevented terror attacks during several international summits hosted by Russia, news reports said. Jameer Nelson scored 32 points and the Orlando Magic edged Charlotte 90-86 on Saturday, moving to the brink of sweeping their best-of-seven first-round NBA playoff series. Aventis has agreed to pay up to $480 million to Genta, a small biotechnology company in New Jersey, for the rights to a promising but still experimental cancer drug, the companies announced Monday. The United States signalled Friday that a deadline to find an accord with Europe over government aid to aircraft makers Airbus and Boeing would pass next week without a deal. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with Suzanne D'Amato, deputy editor for The Post's Sunday Source, and Janet Bennett, washingtonpost.com fashion and beauty editor. Goodrich Corp. has agreed to buy 95 percent of Hella Aerospace GmbH, the world's second-largest maker of aerospace lighting systems and related electronics. Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz said here Thursday that Baghdad will not permit a new U. N. inspection mission led by Hans Blix to be conducted in the country.
t6889 Reebok International Ltd. signed a four-year contract here on Wednesday to equip about 600 athletes belonging to the Chinese Athletics Federation, the US firm said. At least 230 Afghan civilians have been killed in airstrikes and botched raids by U.S. and NATO troops this year, eroding goodwill toward foreign forces since the fall of the Taliban five years ago, aid agencies said. Blows rained on Greece Thursday as it said it could meet its tough fiscal targets only to be hit with a gloomy EU revision of its deficit, a daunting rise in borrowing costs and a new ratings downgrade. The trial so far has shed no light on who was behind the murder of Laurent D. Kabila, the former president who was gunned down last year as he sat in his white leather armchair in his Marble Palace office. An Arab television channel on Sunday showed security video footage of a truck suspected to have played a role in the killing of former Lebanese prime minister Rafiq Hariri. Call it a designer taste test. With a new cheap chic collaboration rolling out almost weekly, the question often comes to mind, how different is the real thing from the much less expensive alternative? Iraq accused the U.S. Navy on Sunday of detaining a ship loaded with sugar imported by Iraq under the oil-for-food program, the official news agency reported. HARARE, November 22 (Xinhua) --The Zimbabwean government signed a pact with interested stakeholders for launching a diploma in youth development work.
t806 Wild child Nicole Bobek's inclusion in Tuesday's World Figure Skating Championships here comes just a year after the Tonya Harding/Nancy Kerrigan scandal hogged Olympic headlines. Millions packed central Sao Paulo for the city's 11th annual gay pride parade, dancing and waving rainbow flags in a carnival-like atmosphere as they condemned homophobia, racism and sexism. A train derailed in northern Italy Monday, killing at least six people and wounding several others, many of them seriously, the ANSA news agency reported citing rescuers. EL SEGUNDO, Calif. - The battle for the Los Angeles Lakers' ever-elusive, ever-fragile attention span has become a tag-team effort, passed from coach Phil Jackson to the Portland Trail Blazers and back to Jackson again, with the San Antonio Spurs now on deck and ready to play Ritalin to Post-war reconstruction in Iraq has been riddled with corruption while regions stricken by the Asian tsunami disaster are also highly vulnerable to the fraud that plagues large-scale building projects around the world, a global watchdog reported Wednesday. As he sought to renew the USA Patriot Act two years ago, Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales assured lawmakers that the FBI had not abused its potent new terrorism-fighting powers. ``There has not been one verified case of civil liberties abuse,'' Gonzales told senators on April 27, 2005. This ranching town, where half the population works in the United States, could elect a migrant worker-turned-U.S. millionaire as mayor on Sunday. The severe floods in Vietnam's Mekong delta provinces claimed 407 lives by Monday, including 291 children, Vietnam's official news agency VNA reported Tuesday.
t9584 Police shot and killed five Islamic militants in a clash in the troubled southern Egyptian province of Minya Thursday, police said. California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger arrived in his native Austria on Sunday afternoon on a European tour that will also take him to Britain and France. Fifty-seven percent of Germans think giving aid to Greece would be a "bad decision," a survey published Tuesday showed, underlining the level of public opposition in Europe's biggest economy. Even fresh Yankee arrivals with Northern soil still in their sneaker treads may find themselves swaying and singing along whenever ``Georgia on My Mind'' is sung. The official state song _ wistful and potently nostalgic whether you're a native or not _ is one of the few Peach State Iran's popular former national police chief Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf announced Monday he would run for president in the June election and said he saw no problem resuming ties with archfoe the United States. International: MEXICO-DRUGS -- MEXICO CITY -- The White House announces a $1.4-billion military and security package to assist Mexico and several Central American countries in their fight against drug-trafficking groups. 750 words, by Hector Tobar (Times). With MEXICO-DRUGS-POST. PAKISTAN -- KARACHI, Pakistan -- Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto charges United Airlines' ramp workers and customer service employees have voted overwhelmingly to strike if protracted contract talks with the carrier fail to produce a settlement, their union said Friday. Egypt's ambassador to Israel, who was recalled last month to protest Israeli excessive use of force against Palestinians, here on Monday expressed optimism over the future of Palestinian-Israeli peace talks.
t7748 The Senate is considering a measure to outlaw obscene material from the Internet, raising furor among civil liberties who claim the move is a threat to freedom of speech. A claim by Japanese lawmakers that the death toll in the "Rape of Nanking" massacre has been grossly inflated is an affront to international justice and shows their lack of courage in facing historical facts, China said Thursday. The Spanish EU presidency on Friday announced a special meeting of EU transport ministers on May 4 in Brussels to discuss ways to further integrate air traffic control in Europe. When Laura Bush was first lady of Texas and awoke one day to find a possum outside the kitchen door, standing on its hind legs hissing and baring teeth, who did she call? Some 500,000 people were gathering Thursday in a vast field on the edge of the southern Polish city of Krakow for a mass in memory of Pope John Paul II, a police spokeswoman said. Blackwater security contractors in Iraq have been involved in at least 195 "escalation of force" incidents since early 2005, including several previously unreported killings of Iraqi civilians, according to a new congressional account of State Department and company documents. About 500 abortion opponents marched Tuesday outside the clinic of one of the few doctors in the nation to perform late-term abortions after a judge ruled that the city had improperly denied them a parade permit. Chinese companies Sunday made a deal on the sale of 1,400 tons of steel through on-line bidding, the first time the Internet was employed for the sale of major capital goods in China.
t6754 US computer software maker Oracle Corp. has signed a cooperation agreement with the Chinese ministry of posts and telecommunications, the China Daily said Wednesday. Dayna Ho-Henry, daughter of the late entertainer Don Ho, died of an accidental methamphetamine overdose, the Honolulu medical examiner said. President Barack Obama Wednesday chastised Wall Street for rampant greed, but urged finance barons not to block his regulatory reforms, warning of new economic meltdowns if his overhaul fails. After three decades of stalking fruit flies in the wild, Therese Markow has honed her technique to a fine art. Her weapon is a long glass tube with a gauze trap in the center. Birmingham are close to tying up a three-million-pound (4.3-million-euro) deal for Arsenal winger Jermaine Pennant following his release from prison next week. When three roommates at Brown University decided to start a music download Web site, the first thing they resolved was what it would not be like. As many as 29 people were killed in Kashmir in a surge of violence that coincided with peace talks between India and Pakistan over the disputed Himalayan region. Share prices in the Philippine Stock Exchange ended lower on Tuesday ahead of the impeachment trial against President Joseph Estrada.
t998 Iranian security forces have arrested 63 people here for illegally making and selling thousands of fireworks for an ancient festival ahead of the Iranian New Year. Mitsubishi Heavy Industries will exhibit a mock-up of the cabin of Japan's first commercial jet in decades at the Paris air show later this month, company officials said Monday. A gene mutation in the brain can trigger irregular heart beat and sudden death in people with epilepsy, according to a study released Tuesday. Here is The New York Times columnist schedule for April 2002. The dates on the list below are the days of publication. Columns move on The New York Times News Service the day before publication. Rafael Benitez admitted Sunday's Merseyside derby has become a "must-win" fixture for Liverpool after a lacklustre display in a goalless draw with Blackburn at Anfield on Wednesday. The expert: Jerry Silverman, president of the Foundation for Jewish Camping, which works with more than 130 camps and 62,000 campers across North America. The publisher of a controversial history textbook that many Asians say whitewashes Japan's wartime atrocities offered to revise several passages, including some parts that South Korea wants expunged, officials said Monday. U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore's lead in the White House race over his Republican rival George W. Bush in California has shrunk to five points because of a surge of support for Green Party candidate Ralph Nader, a poll released on Tuesday said.
t2277 Croatia, hinting at a change of heart that would defuse fears of a Balkan war, Thursday indicated it may be ready to doubleback on a decision to throw international peace troops out of the country as UN officials warned against military posturing. The narrow road climbed higher and higher, first past pastures and stone houses, then leaving even the fir trees to reach blinding, snowcapped peaks. The governor of Kansas on Thursday vetoed a bill aimed at restricting access to late-term abortions and allowing a woman's family members to sue abortion providers without her consent. The Bush administration unveiled a new workplace safety policy Friday that requires no mandatory steps by industry and instead relies on voluntary actions by companies to reduce injuries from repetitive motions on the job. The flood that battered Guyana earlier this year has led the government to erase its projected 2.2 percent economic growth, President Bharrat Jagdeo said Friday. I don't know what sort of interventions and therapies have been tried to arrest the downward spiral of Lindsay Lohan. But whoever cares for her could do worse than to sit that child down in front of an episode of ``The Two Coreys,'' A&amp;E's new unreal reality show about Michael Moriarty, the actor who played prosecutor Ben Stone on ``Law &amp; Order,'' said he was pushed out of that role because of his political stand against then-Attorney General Janet Reno. China is actively preparing for an ambitious project to divert water from the flood-prone Yangtze River and its tributaries to the drought-vulnerable north, according to the Ministry of Water Resources today.
t1332 Japanese cabinet ministers vowed Tuesday to act to curb the yen's relentless surge against the dollar but at least one of their proposed measures was immediately shot down by a top business leader. The space shuttle crew hit a brief snag in their spacewalk preparations Monday when four spinning gyroscopes that keep the international space station properly positioned became overloaded. A third flight recorder was found at the site of the plane crash that killed Poland's president and it will be analysed in Poland at Warsaw's request, a Russian aviation official said Tuesday. Have people at the bar begun to edge away when you call for a glass of merlot? Sorry, it's not your imagination. Merlot is, as they say, de trop. Finito. A Swedish national released last July from the US detention center at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba describes the torture and humiliation he , they (security services) have been following me every day when I go out and have been sneaking around the house where I live," he says, complaining Sweet lobster delicately scented with wood smoke and moistened with shallot butter, paired with crisp ribbons of cucumber. Creamy new potatoes and meaty shrimp lightly bound with a punchy herbal mayonnaise. Freshly made strawberry ice cream melting into warm buttery biscuits. International Business Machines Corp. is laying off about 1,000 workers in its Global Services group because their skills are no longer needed, according to a published report. Shi Guangsheng, minister of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation, said earlier this month that the recovery of the international economy and the increase in demand in commodity markets worldwide have created a favorable environment for China's exports.
t8346 Midway on the second upwind leg, Stars and Stripes sewer man Wally Henry was below decks to pack and unpack sails when he noticed water coming in through the hull and called out an alarm. The crew slacked the sails to stop the boat and called in its chase China's official news agency Friday quoted U.S. nuclear envoy Christopher Hill as saying he had good talks with North Korean counterpart Kim Kye Gwan on a surprise trip to North Korea to renew international efforts to denuclearize the communist country. Burnley were relegated from the English Premier League following a 4-0 home loss to Liverpool at Turf Moor on Sunday, bringing to an end their one-season membership of the top flight elite. Sometimes it seems as if barren lands have an extra measure of gravity, some mysterious pull that anchors people's hearts in the rocks and thin soil as surely as the wind stirs the sand. People fight savagely to defend these waterless places, and deep in some pool of knowing President George W. Bush said Thursday the funeral service for the late Pope John Paul II helped reaffirm his personal faith, and lauded the pontiff's "strong" legacy. The latest movie for which he wrote the screenplay is "Sleuth," which opens Friday. Alt hough Pinter usually has adapted novels and short stories for the screen, the script for "Sleuth," which stars Michael Caine and Jude Law, is based on Anthony Shaffer's Tony Award-winning mystery thriller. When Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman broke up, they divided a long-planned two-week getaway to Fiji _ one week in paradise for her, one week for him. In response to the state's strategy of developing the western region, the CCB has given priority to its branches in western areas when issuing loans.
t2387 A row between the United States and Cuba held up approval of the final declaration of the UN Summit for Social Development early Friday, with Havana threatening to take it to the heads of state. Suspected al-Qaida insurgents on Wednesday destroyed the two minarets of the Askariya Shiite shrine in Samarra, authorities reported, in a repeat of a 2006 bombing that shattered its famous Golden Dome and unleashed a wave of retaliatory sectarian violence that still bloodies Iraq. A Nigerian who swallowed 64 small packets of cocaine before attempting to board a midnight flight to London was arrested in Sierra Leone and will face trial next week, police said Thursday. While many New Yorkers are trying to end the mourning provoked by Sept. 11, every weekday morning at 8:48 a.m. a hulking tenor with a handlebar mustache sings a solemn memorial in a lower Manhattan courthouse to remember the dead. Asian teams have taken a string of high-profile scalps at the World Cup Sevens tournament here, indicating they are closing the gap on more established rugby nations. After three decades of festering tensions, the United States and Iran are now facing off in a full-fledged cold war. Amtrak is branching out in pursuit of new income to stay in business, from souvenirs to cell phone service, real estate development to express package delivery. The United Nations Security Council Tuesday unanimously adopted a resolution calling for women's bigger role in the prevention, management and resolution of armed conflicts.
t3074 Close scores on the second day of the first Test between New Zealand and Sri Lanka at McLean Park here Sunday. A pine tree falling in a thunderstorm crushed a patrol car carrying two sheriff's deputies, killing one and injuring the other, during a funeral procession for another deputy, authorities said. Estonian Prime Minister Andrus Ansip is ready to make an 18-hour drive to the funeral of Poland's president if air travel remains disrupted by a volcanic ash cloud, his spokeswoman said Friday. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Real Madrid made up some ground on Barcelona in the Spanish title race with a 1-0 victory over Malaga on Sunday thanks to a second-half goal by Roberto Carlos. Sen. Ted Stevens has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember. Not as a friend or colleague but as a public figure, from federal attorney in my hometown, Fairbanks, in the 1950s, to Alaska's senior senator -- and currently the nation's longest-serving Republican LTV Steel and the United Steelworkers of America have reached a tentative agreement on labor contract concessions the bankrupt company says it needs to remain in operation, the union said Friday. The machine building sector has become one of the best foreign exchange earners of China over the past five years, today's China Daily reported.
t3638 Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams on Monday said British Prime Minister John Major should follow the example of President Bill Clinton in helping bring peace to Northern Ireland. The economies of Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda expanded 6 percent or more in 2006, and finance ministers on Thursday projected even more robust growth in East Africa this year. Manchester United head into a hugely-anticipated derby away to Manchester City at Eastlands on Saturday hoping to maintain their Premier League title chances and deal a blow to their rivals' Champions League hopes. Los Angeles County child abuse investigators have a backlog of hundreds of cases as much as 3 years old, heightening concern that the system fails to protect children from repeated abuse, according to interviews and an audit obtained Wednesday. Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero is to head to Algeria on Tuesday to underpin his initiative to create an 'alliance of civilisations' to defeat terrorism and bring Western and Arab nations closer together, a government source said Monday. It literally may be against the law for me to watch ``Newport Harbor: The Real Orange County.'' For one thing, I am so not 12 to 24, which is the key demo. For another, it is, you know, on MTV, which I haven't watched with any sort of commitment Ryan Dempster tied a Marlins record with his 10th win before the All-Star break, allowing four hits in eight innings Sunday to beat Tampa Bay 6-1 and snap Florida's four-game losing streak. Romania's exports are expected to pass the 10-billion-dollar mark this year but this strong performance will be weakened by a widening trade deficit, local media reported Tuesday.
t1916 Australian Rodney Eyles, winner of this tournament two years ago, had to work hard to beat the unorthodox English left-hander, Danny Meddings, who took the second game and strongly disputed the finish of the third. Palestinian Information Minister Mustafa Barghouti urged the European Union on Tuesday to recognize the Palestinian unity government and resume direct financial aid payments, blaming the international embargo for the deteriorating situation in Gaza and the West Bank. A Nigerian court has ordered police to pay 100 million naira (666,400 dollars) in damages to the family of the father-in-law of a slain Islamic militant leader who was himself also killed, officials said Wednesday. Pressing its expansion abroad even as the global telecommunications industry consolidates, Singapore Telecommunications said on Thursday that it would pay $429 million to expand its presence in Indonesia's booming market for mobile phone service. Planes of Serbia-Montenegro's national airline JAT Airways were grounded indefinitely Friday at Belgrade airport after engineers launched an unannounced strike, an airport official said. Have you spent any quality time in your garage lately? Or is yours just a cluttered, sort-of-smelly place that you shove through on your way to the driveway -- where your cars are always parked for want of room inside? A Japanese businessman pleaded innocent Wednesday to charges he raped and killed a British bar hostess whose dismembered body was found in a beachside cave. Australian federal police and international agencies have in Fiji seized 300 kilograms of heroin destined for Australia, the Australian Associated Press (AAP) reported Sunday.
t5971 Taiwan's foreign assets topped the 100-billion-US-dollar level for the first time in February, the Central Bank of China (CBC) said Monday. Vietnamese victims of Agent Orange received little encouragement from a federal appeals panel Monday when they sought to reinstate their claim that U.S. companies committed war crimes by making the toxic chemical defoliant available for use in the Vietnam War. Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglo is holding high level talks with Iranian officials on Tuesday, which are expected to involve Tehran's nuclear programme, officials said. Julius Erving is as much of an icon for an old league as he is for a franchise that until this season had not seen such glory since he departed. Injury has ruled out Nigeria internationals Joseph Enakarhire and Ifeanyi Udeze from Saturday's Group 4 World Cup qualifying tie against Gabon at home while two other players are doubtful. Builders are razing the structures on both sides of his apartment to make way for new condominiums and commercial development, but a few blocks away, at Ground Zero, Teeling says he was "rather shocked at how little had happened." Maureen Reagan, daughter of former President Ronald Reagan and actress Jane Wyman, is hospitalized and undergoing whole brain radiation for melanoma that has now spread to her brain, her husband said. The families of two victims of Creutzfelt-Jakob disease, a variant of the "mad cow" disease in the human body, launched a lawsuit Friday against the French and British governments and the European Commission for failing to control the disease.
t9098 President Bill Clinton said the 1996 Olympic Games scheduled here in 15 months will revive the morale of Americans facing economic uncertainties. Radical Islamic students kidnapped nine people, including three Chinese women, from an alleged brothel in the Pakistani capital Saturday, officials said. The Indian Premier League has in three short years morphed into a money-making behemoth with its showbiz-style mix of cricket, Bollywood and big business. Merrill Lynch &AMP; Co. is considering a simpler stock-rating system that would make more frequent use of a word seldom heard on Wall Street: sell. Tottenham boss Martin Jol has assured his unsettled striker Robbie Keane that he has a big future at White Hart Lane. Ben Affleck. Unfortunately, backward reels the mind. Capt. Rafe in "Pearl Harbor." A role which will live in infamy. Then "Gigli." Ouch. Then "Surviving Christmas." One of his last movies, "Man About Town," wasn't even released in theaters. Avon Products Inc., buoyed by accelerated growth in its U.S. business and profit gains from its international division, reported a 10 percent increase in second-quarter profits, meeting analysts' expectations. Japan showed its superiority in the all-round events as it took both men's and women's gold medals at the Asian Regional Qualifying Competition for the 2001 World Speed Skating Championships on Sunday.
t6942 Palestinian police arrested at least 15 Islamists in Gaza following a foiled truck bombing, while Israel on Wednesday barred entry to dozens of Palestinians. Deutsche Telekom AG and Germany's biggest services union said Wednesday they reached a deal in a dispute over the transfer of some 50,000 jobs and lower salaries in exchange for protection against layoffs, union leaders said. No meeting is slated so far between the premiers of India and Pakistan on the margins of a South Asian summit to be held next week in Bhutan, a senior Indian official said Thursday. For the first time in the history of the Food and Drug Administration, an advisory panel has recommended that a banned drug be put back on the market. South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun on Monday accepted the resignation of his construction and transportation minister, accused of using his influence for the benefit of relatives. The Senate on Friday rejected a nine-month timetable for bringing most troops home from Iraq, yet another legislative defeat for Democrats in what is shaping up as a losing battle to force President Bush to end the war. Abortion opponents marched at five Wichita churches Sunday, confronting worshippers with large signs showing aborted fetuses and spreading their message with bullhorns. A group of armed Myanmar inmates who held several Thai prison officials hostage Wednesday near Bangkok have left the prison in a pickup truck and on the way back to Myanmar, leaving dead body of one hostage behind, police said.
t605 Japanese Finance Minister Masayoshi Takemura pledged Sunday to take whatever steps were necessary this week to stop the US dollar from declining further. Suspected Islamic insurgents opened fire on a school bus Sunday, wounding nine people including eight Muslim teenagers in Thailand's restive south, police said. There are still bodies trapped in the wreckage of a Polish plane that crashed in Russia, killing 96 people including President Lech Kaczynski and other officials, a Polish prosecutor said Monday. The proposal, filed in a New York bankruptcy court Friday, would mark the third round of retention bonuses, the first two of which totalled about $105 million. The British economy was expected to grow by 3.0-3.5 percent this year, Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said as he delivered his pre-election budget Wednesday. President Gen. Pervez Musharraf survived an apparent assassination attempt Friday when shots were fired at his aircraft as it took off from a military base, authorities and witnesses said. A tourist bus from Minnesota carrying about 45 teens and adults overturned near the summit of a mountain pass Saturday afternoon, injuring about 35 people. Shanghai Composite Index rose 11.48 points or 0.59 percent to close at 1,958.94 points on Monday. Turnover was 9.56 billion yuan.
t8299 Police Sunday arrested two people attempting to smuggle one-and-a-half tonnes of Pharaonic, Greek and Roman artifacts out of Egypt -- the largest antiquities bust in the country's history, security officials said. Scantily clad dungeon-crawler Lara Croft has been reborn many times over the years as a line of video-game sequels and mediocre (OK, terrible) film remakes. Auxerre closed the gap on French leaders Marseille to just two points on Sunday with a 3-0 canter at Toulouse, but the southerners were set to streak clear in the late game with a victory over St Etienne. The question that has dogged the $165 billion merger of America Online and Time Warner for more than a year grew more insistent last week after AOL Time Warner announced a $54 billion quarterly loss that shattered US corporate records for red ink. The international credit rating agency Fitch said Friday it was upgrading its long-term ratings for German broadcaster ProSiebenSAT1 in view of its strong audience share and its out-performance of the German television advertising market. "If you have the space, the larger sizes can fill up a room economically," Fuller says. "Because they are so big, there are fewer collectors for them." Safeco plans to cut 1,200 jobs, or 10 percent of its staff, as part of a cost-cutting effort aimed at making the insurance company more profitable. French Interior Minister Daniel Vaillant presented a controversial project law on Wednesday, which proposes to allow the local parliament on the Mediterranean island of Corsica to make laws from 2001 to 2004.
t861 Japanese share prices moved narrowly Monday with key market indices closing mixed as many investors sat on the sidelines to watch the yen's surge to new highs against the dollar. The African Union mission in Darfur is calling for better cooperation between its peacekeepers and the former rebels now aligned with the Sudanese government -- and demanded the ex-rebels return a dozen vehicles they have stolen. Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev Monday made his first public appearance since being ousted in a wave of violent protests, defiantly slamming his opponents and refusing to step down. When Stephen Sondheim extolled the virtues of ``the little things you do together'' in the musical ``Company,'' eating candy was nowhere on the list. Now Mars, the confectionery giant that makes Milky Way, is revamping the brand's advertising in most markets around the world to promote the candy bar Paul Wolfowitz is a soft-spoken hawk in the US administration whose belief in US activism made him a leading intellectual force behind the invasion of Iraq and the greater US push for democracy in the Middle East. The movie version of the fifth Harry Potter novel may well be the most prosaic so far. This, at the outset, doesn't sound at all like the best thing one can say about any movie. And it is not to say that ``Harry Potter and the Order of the Background checks blocked 153,000 of the nearly 7.7 million prospective sales of guns last year, and fewer people tried to buy firearms in 2000 than in 1999, the Justice Department reported Sunday. Chinese Vice-Premier Li Lanqing met with foreign participants in the ongoing Symposium on China- Africa Cultural Exchanges in the New Century this afternoon.
t6281 Some four billion people will be infected with tuberculosis around the world in the next 20 years and more than two billion will die from the disease if it is not controlled, the World Health Organization said Monday. A car bomb struck near a Shiite mosque in a busy commercial district Tuesday in Baghdad, killing at least 22 people and wounding dozens, police said. An Egyptian court will try four Muslim Brotherhood members and a Saudi on charges of money laundering to fund the banned movement, a judicial official said Wednesday. If a car sank to the bottom of the sea _ or freshwater lake _ and fell into the hands of a magical, underwater artist, it would look like this: Ocean-blue body with glittery, magenta wheel covers. Sand castles on the roof. Every inch of metal covered with glued-on Six people died Friday when a train travelling from the Congolese capital Brazzaville to Pointe-Noire in the west went off the rails 100 kilometres (60 miles) from its destination, railway authorities said. When "Lost" is a hit, the networks immediately order more dark and broody serial dramas with vast casts of unrelated strangers -- completely missing the point that the initial show succeeded thanks to innovative storytelling and fresh characters, not because of a continuing mood of sprawling gloom. Olympic leaders embraced Beijing as the site for the 2008 Summer Games on Friday and hoped that by putting aside human rights concerns their historic decision would foster further change in the world's most populous country. The first ever Arab Women Summit continued meetings on Sunday and devoted an evening session to discussions on social and economic issues.
t3879 Chechen separatists put up fierce resistance overnight against the Russian army around the devastated Chechen capital Grozny, ITAR-TASS news agency reported on Tuesday. "I think it's a great ending. It's a good way to go out." -- Michael Imperioli, who played Tony's nephew on "The Sopranos," on the love-it-or-hate-it finale of the HBO mob drama. An Iranian nuclear disarmament conference was hit by the volcanic cloud over Europe on Saturday as grounded flights forced several foreign dignatories to miss the summit's opening day. The Senate passed an ambitious bipartisan bill on Thursday to clean up the nation's election procedures, to help states buy new voting machines and to prevent ballot disputes like those that left painful memories of ``butterfly ballots'' and ``hanging chads'' after the last presidential election. Bangladesh expects to attract eight billion dollars in foreign investment over the next three years, visiting Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia said here Tuesday. Until recently, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke was talking about a ``global savings glut'' that was pushing down interest rates and pushing up the value of assets like houses. Now, suddenly, all talk of a glut has been replaced by its bone-chilling opposite -- a dangerous evaporation of credit NCR Corp. said Monday that its second-quarter earnings will be as much as nearly 40 percent below expectations, primarily because many customers postponed decisions to upgrade their computer systems. Commander of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea Major General Patrick Cammaert said here on Wednesday that the first battalion of the U. N. mission will be arriving at the mission site between November and early December.
t5754 Bosnian Croat and Croatian regular forces have engaged breakaway Croatian Serb forces in an artillery duel in southwest Bosnia, UN Protection Force spokesman Major Herve Gourmelon said Sunday. Russia on Monday said it supported Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' move to form an emergency government but called on Abbas and Islamic Hamas to seek a "wide-ranging dialogue" and avert the deepening crisis. The organiser of a night-time treasure hunt popular with well-heeled young Russians has gone on trial for manslaughter after one of his players was electrocuted, his lawyer said Tuesday. But that's little comfort to the travel industry _ especially in a city such as Houston, where travel supports more than 90,000 jobs. The dollar rose to five-week highs against the euro Thursday as a strong report on the US housing market prompted further gains for the greenback ahead of the long Easter weekend. Marta Aquino carefully folded four sheets of paper -- pink, green, blue and white -- then dropped them into long, clear plastic pouches Sunday in this village at the foot of the majestic Water Volcano. Landmark campaign finance legislation was sidetracked in the House indefinitely Thursday, and each party rushed to blame the other for the latest setback in the decade-long drive to reduce the role of big money in politics. Addressing the symposium, Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said that the seminar provided the opportunity for international donors, Cambodian government officials to discuss key issues and look for ways to go together in the future in demining activities in the country.
t8398 French Defence Minister Francois Leotard signed a contract here Monday to sell eight gunboats to Kuwait at a cost of 480 million dollars. A bad odor that sent about 200 primary school students to hospital with headaches, vomiting and chest pains may have been exhaust gasses discharged from a nearby plant, state media reported. The head of Sweden's Catholics said Sunday he takes full responsibility for the failure to probe the alleged abuse of two sisters by a paedophile priest, first reported to the Church in 1990. After 35 years on the stage fronting Jethro Tull, Ian Anderson still finds moments of pleasure in the band's classic songs. Since Pope John Paul II died at 9:37 pm on April 2, the precise time of his death has been elevated to the status of a holy hour in his native Poland. Not long ago, cash ruled the skies, but no more. Some U.S. airlines already ban cash, and others are thinking about it. The European Commission on Wednesday imposed a fine of $45 million against SAS Scandinavian Airlines and Maersk Air over a market sharing agreement that violated European Union rules. The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) said today that it has made a commitment to issue loans for 29 new and high-tech industrial development projects, with the value of the loans totaling 1.33 billion yuan ( approximately 171 million U.S. dollars).
t3072 President Burhanuddin Rabbani's forces controlled all of Kabul Sunday after a sudden offensive against Taliban religious students and pro- Iranian Shiite Wahdat fighters. Las Vegas Sands Corp. plans Aug. 28 to open its highly anticipated Venetian Macao Resort Hotel in booming Macau, the only place in China where casino gambling is legal. President Barack Obama's Republican foes in the US Senate vowed in a letter released Friday to fight his efforts to rewrite the rules on Wall Street to prevent future global economic meltdowns. Unless you are an ant or a ladybug, you probably would not think of a redbud as a shade tree. The pink-flowering specimens usually fall under the small-tree heading, but one particular tree near has stretched the limits of the category. Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz has given the green light for the construction of more than 3,500 new homes in the West Bank settlement of Maale Adumim, east of Jerusalem, public radio said Sunday. Here's when many of us think of a savory cocktail: in the morning, bleary-eyed, staring blankly at the brunch menu. The Seattle Mariners called up outfielder Scott Podsednik from Triple-A Tacoma on Friday and optioned right-hander Dennis Stark to Double-A San Antonio. Representatives from the United States and Africa said on Thursday that the AIDS issue should be viewed from a broad perspective and be addressed with concerted efforts from around the world.
t5890 US Vice President Al Gore arrived here Sunday on the first leg of a Middle East tour during which he is due to launch a new economic partnership between the United States and Egypt. Famed saxophonist Ornette Coleman was treated for heat-related dehydration after he collapsed during his performance at the Bonnaroo Music &amp; Arts Festival this weekend. The White House on Monday sought to tar Republicans with Wall Street excess, as President Barack Obama cranked up his campaign to quickly pass the most sweeping regulatory reform law in decades. Rod McCoy is particular about where he stays on vacation. As a gay man, he often has to worry about things other tourists don't have to consider. There are no plans to call into question the presence or status of US and Russian military bases in Kyrgyzstan despite the change in power there, the new Kyrgyz acting head of state and government said here Friday. Besides "Top Model," Banks hosts the syndicated "The Tyra Banks Show," which just moved from L.A. to New York. Banks gives the scoop on that and more: Jacque Jones, Corey Koskie and Torii Hunter each homered twice, tying a major league record, as the Minnesota Twins beat the Milwaukee Brewers 13-5 Thursday night. "There is a lot of work to do. Britain is determined to do all it can to help the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia lay the foundations of a new democratic society," Foreign Secretary Robin Cook said in a statement.
t1545 The US State Department's number-two diplomat Tuesday hailed "the extraordinary transformation which is taking place today" in Haiti, back under democratic rule. Stretched out on a sofa next to his Australian shepherd, Sophie, Armistead Maupin says he never intended to write another installment of his popular "Tales of the City" series. Infosys Technologies, India's second-biggest outsourcing company, said Tuesday net profit slipped in the three months to March as it was hit by a strengthening rupee. Two abandoned spacecraft are hidden in California's Mojave Desert, and they're not crashed UFOs. These relics were built by hopeful human engineers. Norway's King Harald V is suffering from a clogged valve and will undergo heart surgery within the next couple of weeks, the royal palace and the monarch's team of physicians said on Thursday. Summer has slowed to slog and drag. The heat churns high -- scorching, stifling -- and green grass cowers. Midsummer is a vampire. Since it began operating as the European Union's main merger regulator, the European Commission has blocked 15 deals out of almost 1,700 submitted to it. Here is a complete list, including Tuesday's rejection of General Electric's planned acquisition of Honeywell, with date of decision, name and nationality of companies Representatives of players boycotted on Friday a meeting of the joint FIFA-UEFA Task Force meeting to discuss a detailed plan on players' transfer.
t8040 Brazilian playmaker Rai earned champions Paris St Germain a place in the French League Cup final with a 1-0 victory at Le Havre on Saturday. The German parliament on Thursday approved a one-year extension to the mission of the country's 2,200 troops serving in the NATO-led peacekeeping force in Kosovo. Tens of thousands of Germans joined hands to form a human chain to protest against nuclear energy Saturday, two days before the 24th anniversary of the worst nuclear accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine. Reminders of another time came at us in threes this past week, each story calling for its own dose of perspective. So without any hand waggles, let's put the peg in the ground and play on. State leaders and dignitaries from more than half the world's nations began arriving Friday in Saint Peter's Square for the funeral of Pope John Paul II. In 1957, Americans felt that we might lose the Cold War if the Russians could gain the "high frontier" of outer space. Fortunately, our political system rose to the challenge, providing the world with a lesson in the power of good leadership and mobilization in a free society. The Pentagon is feeling upbeat about the direct hit it scored in a missile defense test high over the Pacific. The Bush administration is less pleased about another direct hit _ the diplomatic one that Russia scored against Secretary of State Colin Powell's Iraq policy. Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister Seamus Mallon said on Tuesday that the start of U.S. President Bill Clinton's visit in December should become a new target date for a political breakthrough.
t6114 Anglo-American tensions over Northern Ireland persisted Monday despite a weekend phone call that was supposed to have patched things up between Prime Minister John Major and President Bill Clinton. The U.S. decision to end an economic and political embargo on the Palestinian Authority increased pressure for a reciprocal move from Israel as the Bush administration hoped to improve the chances for peace. Australia's Neil Robertson won through to the last 16 of the World Championship at the Crucible Theatre here on Wednesday with a hard-fought 10-5 first round win over Fergal O'Brien. On his return to the park where he took a major step into baseball history last season, San Francisco left fielder Barry Bonds said he would not rule out someone topping his single-season record of 73 home runs. The president of an anti-EU party will challenge Conservative Party leader Michael Howard for his constituency in the upcoming general elections in May to highlight what it called a hypocritical stance on Europe. With gasoline prices rising, motorists and corporations are studying their shrinking wallets with alarm, signaling more turbulence ahead for an economy that so far had successfully weathered high energy costs. Police resumed their search of abandoned buildings Friday, hoping to find clues to the whereabouts of missing federal intern Chandra Levy. The first Arab ladies and heads of the Arab delegations started to arrive here on Friday for the First Arab Women Summit which will open Saturday.
t9746 Simultaneous strikes on air, rail and Paris bus and metro networks plunged France into chaos Thursday, producing a nightmarish day for commuters and piling pressure on Premier Edouard Balladur barely three weeks before presidential elections. Security must be tightened across Nepal before national elections in November, especially in the south where violence has prevented authorities from collecting voter names, a top official said Monday. On Sunday evening in Afghanistan's southern city of Kandahar two masked men on a motorbike stopped in the middle of a bazaar, pulled out guns, killed a man and then sped off. Tatiana Hoover lives two blocks from the D'Agostino supermarket at 91st Street and Columbus Avenue, and yet for the last few months she has been ordering her groceries from that store via the Internet. German police said Monday they have captured a man behind a rash of brutal sexual assaults on horses, donkeys and sheep. After years of scooping up awards, and having microbudgeted films go on to mainstream success, the specialty divisions en masse are having a down cycle. So far, 2007 has not borne any breakouts like "Little Miss Sunshine," "Brokeback Mountain " or "The Queen." Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, criticized last month for attending a GOP fund-raiser while on a taxpayer-financed trip, is again mixing official business with a Republican event in California. Ethiopia and Eritrea, who have been engaged in border conflicts since May 1998, are to sign a peace agreement in Algiers, Algeria on December 12, visiting United Nations (UN) Secretary-General Kofi Annan announced here on Wednesday.
t1056 At least 10 people were killed and another 200 wounded as the battle for Kabul intensified Monday when forces loyal to President Burhanuddin Rabbani unleashed a major assault on rival Shiites. A blistering heat wave swept across northern India over the weekend, killing at least 32 people, officials and media reports said. South Korea was selected Tuesday as host of the next major nuclear security summit in 2012 and vowed to use the occasion to drum up support to persuade defiant North Korea to give up its atomic arsenal. ATLANTA - Tweet opens her debut with a handful of pills, and a Plan B just in case they don't do the job. World oil prices hit an all-time high in Asian trade Thursday, nudging past the record of 56.60 dollars a barrel set in New York overnight, dealers said. People tend to look at you funny when you jump into the pool with your iPod strapped to your arm and a pair of waterproof headphones stuck in your ears. Cuban pitcher Danys Baez, who did not allow a run in three appearances with the Cleveland Indians in May, was recalled from Triple-A Buffalo on Monday. Making the announcement, U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Dr. Obaid "is an outstanding U.N. professional," serving a quarter of a century in the U.N. systems and two years within the UNFPA.
t4374 Physics Nobel Prize winner William Fowler, who contributed to proving that the nuclear process in stars gave rise to all the elements, has died of kidney failure at age 83. ABC News has apologized for mistakenly running a picture of former Washington Mayor Marion Barry when it was promoting a "World News" story about a man suing a dry cleaner for $54 million (euro41 million) for allegedly losing his pants. For Poland's ex-communist EU allies, getting to the funeral of president Lech Kaczynski was about far more than protocol, and they took to the roads as volcanic ash kept many Western leaders away. The clergy sexual abuse crisis, painful as it is for the Catholic Church in the United States, will ultimately be a good thing for the church, a leader of the US Conference of Catholic Bishops said Saturday. The Oscar-nominated co-star of the wine-swilling road movie "Sideways," Thomas Haden Church, has been snared by "Spider-Man's" web to play a baddie in the next super-hero movie sequel. Q: The AutoPlay dialog that Windows pops up when I put in a music CD or a USB drive is full of entries for programs I don't use or don't even have installed. How can I clean up that mess? One compelling reason for President Pervez Musharraf to resolve the dispute over Kashmir is that the conflict has aggravated some of Pakistan's biggest problems. The accident occurred when the driver lost balance while taking a sharp turn, the PTI quoted local police sources as saying.
t6399 Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao, his authority eroded by fresh poll defeats, on Tuesday faced a renewed offensive by rebels, which officials hinted could break up his Congress (I) party. Blackstone Group LP, the world's second-largest private equity fund, will price its much-anticipated initial public offering on Thursday, according to underwriter Morgan Stanley. Poles will vote in a snap presidential ballot June 20 after the air-crash death of Lech Kaczynski, with surveys tipping the country's liberal interim leader Bronislaw Komorowski as a shoo-in. When Buffalo Bills president Tom Donahoe and owner Ralph Wilson met Sunday morning, they turned to each other and agreed, ``We need to do this.'' Two people were killed Saturday when fire swept through a building at a well-known Moscow market and quickly spread to buildings nearby, ITAR-TASS news agency reported. In a rare foray into public debate since stepping down as defense secretary late last year, Donald Rumsfeld blasted the recent advertisement by MoveOn.org against Army Gen. David Petraeus and decried the current state of political discourse in Washington for its "tendency to try to criminalize public service." Teresa Weatherspoon scored 14 points as the New York Liberty won their eighth straight home game, beating the Minnesota Lynx 67-64 Friday night. U.S. President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary Clinton, and his delegation left Ho Chi Minh City for home Sunday night, concluding their four-day official visit to Vietnam.
t6559 The dollar fell to an all-time low of 88.55 yen on Tuesday at around 1430 GMT, after dealers sold the mark against the yen, which had a knock-on effect on the dollar-yen rate, analysts said. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso lashed out Tuesday at Britain and Poland for staunchly opposing a proposal to salvage key parts of the European Union's aborted constitution for a new, slimmed-down EU treaty. Norway's aviation authority extended the total opening of its airspace to at least 1200 GMT on Wednesday because of favourable forecasts over the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. Prime Shostakovich is worthwhile on any program, but as antiques dealers will tell you, provenance adds value. Mstislav Rostropovich conducted the London Symphony Orchestra on Sunday in the first of three concerts, bringing not only the Cello Concerto and the 11th Symphony to a large audience at Avery Fisher Two Indian nationals were killed and eight people were hurt Saturday when a huge explosion rocked a Christian quarter of east Beirut, the official Lebanese news agency ANI reported. Retirement comes in January. That's when Katsunori Hamahara turns 65, when his government pension kicks in and when he will be able to afford a place to live. The big question going into the inaugural Winston Cup race at Chicagoland Speedway is whether anybody will be able to pass. But the market's main players are not prepared to accept a much lower figure either, and are making sure that the difference will be marginal.
t8854 Some 200 foreigners, mostly French women and children, left Bujumbura aboard a special flight Tuesday for "holidays" abroad after a week of fighting between ethnic Hutus and Tutsis which left up to 500 dead. A black Baptist leader is urging black churches across the United States to set goals for reducing by 25 percent the rate of black divorce, teen pregnancy, illiteracy, murder and HIV infection by 2012, and increasing the adoption of black foster children. Former giants Enyimba of Nigeria are staring at elimination from the African Confederation Cup after a 3-0 weekend drubbing by Vita Club in the Democratic Republic of Congo. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of MONDAY, APRIL 29, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Portugal plans to tighten its laws controlling guns and explosives, and will better equip its police force, after three officers were killed in the line of duty over the past two months, Prime Minister Jose Socrates said Saturday. Some financial services firms are trying to clear a regulatory path that would let them buy out pension plans, freeing employers from pension obligations while potentially giving profit-driven financiers direct control over the retirement savings of millions of Americans. Best-selling novelist and disgraced former politician Jeffrey Archer was convicted and sentenced to four years in prison Thursday for lying when he sued a tabloid newspaper that reported he'd hired a prostitute. The Seattle Sonics improved to 2-0 under new coach Nate McMillan with a 121-88 victory over the defending NBA champion Los Angeles Lakers in Seattle on Thursday. The Lakers had a five-game winning streak broken.
t6906 Sierra Leone's rebels on Wednesday said they will soon free all 10 expatriate captives still in their hands, but continue to detain two British aid workers seized in November, who are being treated as hostages. Freeport-McMoRan Copper &amp; Gold Inc.'s $26.4 billion (euro19.7 billion) purchase of Phelps Dodge Corp. is turning out better than expected. Jordan is "one hundred percent sure" that the Katyusha-type rocket that damaged a warehouse in the Red Sea port of Aqaba on Thursday "was not fired from its territory," Prime Minister Samir Rifai said. RadioShack Corp. says that its new business strategy is improving the profitability of its sales, which was reflected in the company's first-quarter earnings. The Syrian army Sunday evening continued for the fifth consecutive day to dismantle anti-aircraft positions in the east of Lebanon, which it has controlled for the past 29 years. Will Iraq be the big issue in the election year of 2008, as many Democratic candidates at all levels expect? Emilee Klein completed a wire-to-wire victory in the Michelob Light Classic on Sunday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 for a five-stroke margin. Militants shot dead five truckers and injured six after stopping their vehicles on the pretext of checking them on Jammu-Srinagar Highway in Doda district of Jammu and Kashmir Tuesday night, police said Wednesday.
t1443 South Africa's gold and foreign currency reserves rose 8.5 percent in February over January, according to official figures released Tuesday by the central Reserve Bank. Drinking a milkshake-style medicine at breakfast seems to feed brain cells starved from Alzheimer's damage, researchers reported Monday. It is one of four promising experimental drugs poised for large-scale testing against the brain-destroying disease. Al Qaeda-linked militants in police uniforms set off bombs and fired at civilians on a strife-torn Philippine island Tuesday in violence that left 15 people dead, officials said. The ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee said on Tuesday that he wanted to know whether Enron could be criminally liable for any financial misrepresentations it made to the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Export-Import Bank of the United States when it sought taxpayer-backed aid for overseas The EU is bracing for crunch talks on reforming the bloc's tattered fiscal rules Sunday, hoping to resolve stubborn rifts ahead of a summit next week already clouded by questions of wider economic strategy. In May 2001, advisers to Arnold Schwarzenegger, who was considering a run for governor of California, convened a secret focus group of a dozen independent-minded voters in a windowless room in Los Angeles. Three members of the group volunteered that, the previous week, they had seen a National Enquirer The European Union blocked General Electric Co.'s $41 billion purchase of Honeywell International Inc. on Tuesday, the first time a proposed merger between two U.S. companies has been blocked solely by European regulators. MOSCOW, October 26 (Xinhua) -- The death toll of the Wednesday crash of a Russian military plane Il-18 in Adzharia, Georgia has risen to 86, Russia Air Force Commander-in- Chief Anatoly Korkunov told reporter in Dushanbe Thursday.
t3403 Japanese Finance Minister Masayoshi Takemura on Monday took a pay cut and demoted a senior ministry official over a suspicious trip to Hong Kong with the head of a Tokyo credit union at the center of a loan scandal. Former U.N. Secretary-General Kurt Waldheim, who was elected Austrian president despite an international scandal about his secretive World War II military service for the Nazis, died Thursday. He was 88. Officials in southern China have launched a campaign to sterilise nearly 10,000 people as part of a crackdown on parents who violate family-planning rules, state media reported. Q. My husband I are seeking a way to send and receive e-mail while traveling internationally. Are there any hand-held computers that handle e-mail and work both here and abroad? Newcastle striker Patrick Kluivert all but ended his international career on Monday as he announced that even if he was called up to the Dutch national squad he would probably turn it down. Financial stocks have been walloped in recent weeks by a steady flow of disconcerting news: U.S. mortgage companies going bankrupt, corporate buyout deals struggling for funding, European banks freezing investment funds in reaction to a credit squeeze spreading worldwide. A former Boulder police detective has asked a federal judge in Atlanta to dismiss a defamation lawsuit filed against him by JonBenet Ramsey's parents. Local governments in the Southern Philippines will be empowered to develop their own projects under a 75 million U.S. dollar loan scheme approved by the Asian Development Bank, Philippine News Agency said Monday.
t7682 Japan will provide financial aid totalling some 700 million yen (7.8 million dollars) to help people in the war-ravaged areas of the former Yugoslavia, the foreign ministry said Friday. The deadline for the presentation of final bids to acquire up to 49.9 percent of struggling Italian airline Alitalia SpA has been extended by 10 days to July 12, the Italian government said Thursday. Lewis Hamilton may not have won a Formula One race yet this season, but he is happy to play second fiddle to Jenson Button in a successful McLaren team - for now. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Saturday, April 27 and Sunday, April 28, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. US President George W. Bush paid homage to Monaco's Prince Rainier who died Wednesday, noting his contribution to the prosperity of the European principality where he reigned for 55 years. In a darkened Algebra II classroom, all eyes were on an illuminated graphing calculator projected three feet high on the white board as students studied a series of graphs and talked about absolute value functions. The world's seven richest nations, joined by Russia, will meet for their 27th annual economic summit beginning Friday in Genoa, Italy. The countries and their leaders: Taiwan's jobless rate hit 3. 19 percent in October, the highest in 14 months and the highest for October in 15 years, a Taiwanese newspaper reported.
t9707 Blue chip stocks kept rising in early trading Thursday, boosted by a stronger dollar and an easing of interest rates on the bond market. A senior official from the U.N. nuclear watchdog prepared Monday for a rare visit to North Korea for discussions on how the agency's inspectors would monitor and verify the shutdown of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor. The Cambodian prime minister on Tuesday denied mining giant BHP Billiton paid a large bribe for an exploration contract in his country. In balloting announced by the Golf Coaches Association of America, Trahan earned the prize bestowed to the nation's top college golfer. Trahan, a junior, will receive the award at a May 13 dinner at Colonial Country Club as part of festivities during the week of the MasterCard Colonial. Lebanon's pro-Syrian President Emile Lahoud met his prime minister-designate Omar Karameh on Monday, raising expectations of a long-awaited announcement on the formation of a new cabinet. There is much we still can learn from these ancient notions of divinity, even if we can agree that the practices of animal sacrifice, deification of leaders and divining the future through animal entrails and bird flights are well lost. Shares of Iomega Corp. fell more than 14 percent Friday after the information storage device maker announced a second quarter loss and a restructuring that will eliminate up to 1,100 jobs, or one-third of its work force. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 2,075.62 points Wednesday, down 16.04 points from the last close.
t3118 Croatia has agreed to a "scaling down" of the mandate of the UN peacekeeeping forces in its territory instead of a withdrawal, a spokeswoman for UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said here Sunday. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas of Fatah will make an "important decision" on Thursday regarding the fighting in Gaza and the future of Fatah's coalition government with the Islamic militant Hamas, officials at his office said. Airports in Paris will remain closed until at least 8:00 am (0600 GMT) Saturday because of a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, the civil aviation authority said. Flying too close to the flame, the moth is incinerated, yet otherwise, since this is the moth's nature, the creature might just as well stay a caterpillar. Approaching too close to vital engagement threatens a person's destruction, but keeping a prudent distance risks slugdom. Australian telecoms provider Optus is planning a major corporate restructuring in response to slowing revenue growth and to prepare for a 110 million-dollar (79 million US) broadband network, a report said Monday. The Washington D.C. judge who sued his dry cleaners for $54 million over a pair of pants may want to begin looking for a new job. A storm sent a large tree crashing down on spectators at an outdoor concert in eastern France late Friday, killing at least nine people and injuring more than 80 others, including 18 seriously, police said. President Thabo Mbeki said here on Saturday that his government was doing all it could to ensure that the South African children be safe, educated and free from AIDS.
t5 Portuguese leaders FC Porto managed a rare victory by a foreign club on Italian soil in their 1-0 European Cup Winners' Cup win at Sampdoria on Thursday. The United States' top energy official on Friday praised the innovation behind a new $100 million (euro74.9 million) bioengineering plant that produces a plant-based liquid that can replace oil as a raw material in plastic. Crisis club Portsmouth stunned Tottenham Hotspur with a 2-0 extra-time win as they reached their second FA Cup final in three years at Wembley here on Sunday, just a day after being relegated from the Premier League. The Oscar ceremonies had come and gone, but the partying still wasn't over. Interview magazine editor Ingrid Sischy organized a 55th-birthday celebration on Monday night for 60 of Elton John's closest pals at the Polo Lounge of the Beverly Hills Hotel. Afghan counter-narcotics forces have destroyed 15 kilograms of heroin and more than two tons of opium in a series of raids in eastern Nangarhar province, the government said Tuesday. Let's admit it: We in the media haven't had this much fun with Vice President Cheney since he shot a man in the face and neglected, for a while, to tell the boss. And let's admit: Like that episode, this one doesn't matter much on its own. A doctor accused of killing his wife to keep his secret sex life hidden was found guilty Friday by a jury that rejected his claim that a stranger beat and slashed her to death. Premier Zhu Rongji has urged the nation to attach strategic importance to the role of science, technology and education, and the fostering of talented professionals.
t5092 The meteoric rise of the yen is rapidly becoming a nightmare for developing countries receiving low-interest yen loan packages, which Tokyo has already made clear are not renegotiable. Flash flooding caused by torrential rain and thunderstorms struck several villages in mountainous northwestern Pakistan, leaving at least 22 people dead, a senior government official said Sunday. The Nigerian army said Monday it had averted an attack by suspected Muslim extremists on a mainly Christian village in the flashpoint central Plateau State, killing two gunmen. The three hard-faced Palestinian gunmen, all wanted by Israel for their membership in Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, emerged in the evening, easing through the refugee camp's alleys and lengthening shadows in a white subcompact car. On the backseat was a homemade anti-tank mine, ready to be hidden in the Philadelphia 76ers guard Allen Iverson was fined 10,000 US dollars by the National Basketball Association's disciplinary committee on Tuesday for verbal abuse of an official. In an internal assessment given to Gen. David Petraeus, a senior intelligence analyst and a military planner for the U.S. command in Baghdad call for shifting U.S. strategy in Iraq away from counterinsurgency and toward peace enforcement, and they suggest that the Shiite-led ruling coalition is involved in the It sounds simple: Go into a pharmacy, show a discount card and get a much lower price on a prescription drug. The United Nations Security Council Tuesday called upon the Lebanese government to take full control of the entire area in the south of the country and resume its full international responsibilities.
t6690 Some 3,000 police officers began a search early Wednesday of buildings of a religious sect in Tokyo, two days after the deadly gas Sarin was released in the capital's subway system, the public Japan Broadcasting Corp. (NHK) said. The Colombian government can pursue a racketeering case against liquor giants Diageo and Pernod Ricard accusing them of illegally importing spirits via Colombian companies that launder drug money, a U.S. judge ruled Tuesday. The International Whaling Commission on Thursday unveiled a compromise proposal to resolve longstanding rifts under which Japan would cut its annual Antarctic catch by three-quarters in five years. A legal adviser to the board that oversees Florida's state employee retirement fund has recommended filing a lawsuit against Alliance Capital Management to accuse it of violating contractual obligations by continuing to invest state funds in Enron even after Enron acknowledged significant accounting problems. For the first time in 27 years, illness forced Pope John Paul II to miss Christianity's most important annual celebration, but tens of thousands of pilgrims still flocked to the Vatican in the hope he would make a fleeting appearance after Easter Sunday mass. The decision to drop the instruction came Wednesday afternoon. In the morning, Superior Court Judge Larry Paul Fidler decided not to allow the jurors to consider a lesser charge. Cal Ripken homered twice in his final regular season game at Turner Field on Saturday, drawing lengthy standing ovations from Atlanta Braves fans both times. A number of international scholars have joined the research team on the Yao Ethnic Group, living in China and some other countries, meaning that a "Yao- ology" is now taking shape.
t1045 The Sri Lankan government Monday announced that the Tamil Tiger guerrillas had rejected an offer of foreign mediation aimed at ending the country's protracted ethnic war. The opposition movement led by chess champion Garry Kasparov was set to hold its latest showdown with President Vladimir Putin's government Monday, keeping up its frequent protests with a demonstration in central Moscow. US computer chip giant Intel said Tuesday that its first quarter net profit rose nearly four-fold to 2.4 billion dollars. Since the day the first room-service meal was delivered, hotels have tried to up the ante on pampering and providing amenities. Spa services are now offered in guest rooms, yoga classes take place on private hotel beaches, bedspreads have been replaced by down comforters, and in-room generic coffee has A high-tech gang tried to steal 220 million pounds (421 million dollars) from the London offices of the Japanese banking group Sumitomo and transfer the funds to 10 bank accounts around the world, a newspaper reported Thursday. I'm proud to be a Cherokee citizen who is also descended from black slaves, and the Cherokee Nation I know is one of the most diverse, welcoming societies on Earth. Yet today, my tribe stands accused of racism and is the target of legislation introduced by Rep. Diane Watson, Two business executives, two lawyers and a trio of former civil rights officials will serve on a task force charged to oversee Coca-Cola's hiring and employment practices as part of its broad racial discrimination lawsuit settlement, the beverage company said Monday. The National Bank of Ethiopia (NBE) has issued a new directive on check management to curb and penalize illegal misuse of checks and current accounts by some customers.
t7083 Three goals in the last five minutes saw Southampton complete a remarkable late comeback after trailing to a 17th minute Paul Kitson goal for much of the game at the Dell. The World Trade Organization decided Wednesday to examine U.S. claims that Indian import duties unfairly discriminate against American wines and spirits. The world's top mobile phone maker Nokia reported a jump in first-quarter profit on Thursday, but fell short of market forecasts causing the company's shares to plunge more than 12 percent. Prehistoric man devised tools for hunting and preparing food, but a computerized reconstruction of a 36,000-year-old Neanderthal skull suggests that sharp instruments were also used in brutish attacks on one another. Thai share prices closed 0.63 percent lower Monday on profit-taking amid concern over a weakening of Thai baht, dealers said. Using electronic devices to telecommute saves enough energy to power 1 million U.S. households for a year, according to a study released by the Consumer Electronics Association. Dan Yu of China emerged from a field of 37 accomplished musicians to win the 2001 USA International Harp Competition at Indiana University. Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar has been asked by European and Latin American entrepreneurs to promote trade relations between the European Union (EU) and the South Common Market (Mercosur).
t3605 Spain does not rule out a break in diplomatic relations with Canada over a dispute about fishing rights that resulted in Canada's seizure of Spanish trawler Estai last week, Spanish Foreign Minister Javier Solana hinted on Monday. EU governments should work together in deciding rules for using biotech foods, rather than forge their own policies and risk inviting legal action against the 27-member bloc, the EU trade chief said Thursday. Brazil, Russia, India and China wrapped up their second-ever BRIC summit here Thursday with boasts their bloc was becoming a formidable force for global change -- and words of condolence after a devastating quake in China. Taking Broadway's sometimes knotty labor battles to a different stage, two members of the Senate Judiciary Committee unveiled a bill Wednesday that would extend collective bargaining rights to many American playwrights. Russia slammed the Warsaw city council on Monday for its decision to name a crossroad in the Polish capital after Chechnya's first separatist president, Djokhar Dudayev. It's just an old red pickup, with a gouged and rusted hood and an expired U.S. Senate license plate, parked behind his mother's home off a busy highway in this gentrifying town south of Nashville. Israel pushed its demand Sunday that the United Nations show it a videotape filmed after the abduction of Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah last year without editing to hide the faces of possible kidnappers. U.S. President Bill Clinton Monday signed a foreign aid bill that supplies 435 million U.S. dollars to forgive debts of the world's poorest countries.
t2336 The UN Human Rights Commission agreed Thursday to appoint a human rights monitor for the tiny central African state of Burundi after member states and aid groups warned of a possible bloodbath. A banking dispute that has held up North Korea's nuclear disarmament is nearing a resolution, South Korea's foreign minister said Wednesday. Germany halted all air traffic to and from airports at Berlin, Bremen, Hamburg and Hanover late Thursday because of a massive cloud of volcanic ash drifting southeast from Iceland, the air security agency said. Despite the near-ubiquity of firewalls and antivirus software, hacker attacks and viruses are causing more damage to computer networks every year, according to a survey by San Francisco's Computer Security Institute and the FBI. A car bomb rocked a Christian suburb of the Lebanese capital on Saturday, injuring eight and causing extensive damage a month after the assassination of former premier Rafiq Hariri sent shockwaves through the country. The Iraqi government has failed to accept responsibility for more than 2,000 reconstruction projects completed under the multibillion-dollar U.S. program to rebuild Iraq, according to a U.S. government oversight agency that has repeatedly warned Iraqis are not maintaining and operating such projects. Swedish telecommunications group Telia said Thursday that it has sold nearly half of its stake in directory company Eniro in a transaction worth 4.16 billion kronor ($382 million). The compound index of economic efficiency of industrial enterprises in China increased to 113.7 points by the end of September, 17.1 points higher than one year ago and 4.3 points higher than that of the first half of this year.
t9922 Japan on Friday forced down short-term interest rates to boost the economy and weaken the yen but held the discount rate unchanged, leaving a major question mark over the short-term outlook for monetary policy. Former Liberian President Charles Taylor boycotted the resumption of his war crimes trial Monday, the second time he has failed to show up to face charges of arming Sierra Leone rebels and orchestrating a murderous terror campaign during that country's 10-year civil war. Danish army sled dogs joined Canadian troops in the Arctic for military exercises this week in what officials said Wednesday was a first step toward increased military cooperation between the two nations. He disarmed you right away. This time Bob Baffert would not lead with a wisecrack or a boast. This time the biggest mouth in horse racing would issue a humble admission. At least 13 gunmen and civilians were killed on Monday as 44 others were wounded and several shops set ablaze when rival clans clashed in central Somalia, witnesses and militia commanders said. Military officials hope that the infrared images relayed by the plane will improve the ability of civilian authorities to predict the direction of the fires and determine where the blazes are most intense. Officer Adam Hennie pulled over in his patrol car earlier this week to try to break up an argument between two black women shouting profanities at each other. He could feel the hostility toward him from others in the neighborhood. The Singapore Armed Force, the Singapore Police Force and the Singapore Civil Defense Force have undertaken a joint exercise to test their capability to deal with security threats, according to a joint press release from the Singapore Ministries of Defense and Home Affairs Thursday.
t2258 Dracula buffs from around the world will meet in Romania from May 25 to 29 at a government-sponsored conference, organizers said Thursday. DAKAR, Senegal -- National borders are hard to see in the Sahara Desert. Algeria bleeds into Mauritania and Mali and Chad along sand dunes interrupted by occasional oases. Nomads cross easily between countries -- as do smugglers and terrorists. A new US-Russian arms reduction treaty will be beneficial for US missile defense capacity, the head of the US Missile Defense Agency told congressional critics of the agreement on Thursday. The two young couples' wine had just arrived, and they were still perusing their menus when the sirens of a string of passing emergency vehicles announced another suicide bombing in downtown Jerusalem. France and Germany said Friday they saw no contradiction between an EU bid to secure guarantees Iran will not use an atomic energy program to acquire nuclear weapons and nuclear cooperation between Moscow and Tehran. The Constitution, as everyone knows, gives complete, unfettered power to the president to pardon criminals. But now Congress is trying to get into the act, working to issue ``Get Out of Jail'' cards, good for one year, to people it deems wrongly incarcerated. Former U.S. Rep. Edward M. Mezvinsky, charged with swindling banks and clients out of $10.4 million, will plead innocent by reason of insanity to fraud charges, according to defense papers filed in federal court. Six Somali faction leaders opposing to the new administration of President Abdiqasim Salad Hassan issued a statement Monday night, warning against a new catastrophic civil war in Mogadishu, capital of Somalia.
t2600 A state-owned metals trading company in China has formally launched a countersuit against Lehman Brothers for 128 million US dollars, holding the Wall Street merchant bankers responsible for high-stakes losses on the derivative markets. The Russian government expressed support Wednesday for a plan to resolve a dispute that has held up North Korea's nuclear disarmament by funneling North Korean funds through a Russian bank, and said it was studying legal aspects of the issue. Consumer prices in Poland rose by 0.3 percent in March from February when they increased 0.2 percent, official data showed on Thursday. The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and Tuesday's auction of a four-week bill. Pope John Paul II has chosen to keep Archbishop Jozef Glemp of Warsaw in his post for another year although he is past the retirement age of 75, the Vatican's apostolic nuncio announced Saturday. Corinthian Colleges, one of the nation's largest vocational school chains, has agreed to pay $6.5 million to settle a lawsuit alleging that the chain engaged in unlawful business practices by exaggerating its record of placing students in well-paying jobs. Northrop Grumman Corp. said Thursday it will extend its $2.1 billion hostile bid for Newport News Shipbuilding for another two weeks. The 21st Foreign Ministers Meeting of the Group of Fifteen (G-15) issued a statement on Tuesday, affirming small- and medium-sized enterprises' (SMEs) role in economic growth in their countries.
t9152 Fighting picked up overnight in the Majevica hills of northeast Bosnia, notably around a television relay station, but winter conditions are preventing a real surge in the battle, a UN Protection Force spokesman said here Wednesday morning. Seven U.S. troops were killed by roadside bombs on Saturday, including four in a single strike northwest of Baghdad, the military said. Trailing 1-0 ahead of the conclusion of their Champions League semi-final with Bayern Munich on Tuesday, Lyon are keen to prove their worth following a meek performance in the first leg. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it Paul Robinson's last minute header saw West Bromwich Albion climb out of the Premier League relegation zone with a 1-1 draw against Aston Villa as both sides finished with 10 men here Sunday. No official sales numbers have been released for "In Rainbows," but those in the music industry keep citing a download number of about 1.3 million. That figure, however, is worldwide, and doesn't distinguish between those who paid and those who snagged it free. A barge hit a bridge on the Intracoastal Waterway on Thursday, spewing a cloud of flammable gas and forcing hundreds of residents and workers to evacuate. The Germans swept the top two places in both the men's doubles and women's singles Saturday at a bobsledding World Cup in Oberhof, Grmany.
t954 Russia's highest security body was to debate stepped-up action against rampant crime and corruption here Monday following the slaying of a popular journalist last week, officials said. Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries will exhibit a mock-up of the cabin of a passenger jet it is developing at the Paris air show later this month, company officials said Monday. Tobacco manufacturers JTI-Macdonald and R.J. Reynolds agreed on Tuesday to pay Canada's federal and provincial governments 550 million Canadian dollars (499 million US) to settle longstanding cigarette smuggling suits. Four years can feel like forever, in basketball and dormitory life. By Sunday night, as she finished her college career with absolute perfection, Tamika Williams could not imagine such a distinguished occasion without the company of the women she went the distance with. US President George W. Bush risked inflaming global opinion Wednesday by putting forward his deeply controversial deputy defence secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, to become World Bank chief. Nearly 15 years ago, the state of California seized about $25,000 worth of stock that Richard Valdes had set aside and forgotten about. Police sought an arrest warrant Monday for a U.S. Air Force sergeant suspected of raping an Okinawan woman in a parking lot outside a row of bars, national broadcaster NHK reported. Thailand will start launching public internet terminals in over 800 districts by end of this month, the Communications Authority of Thailand (CAT) announced here Tuesday.
t6604 Rebel deputies on Tuesday ended a hunger strike and sit-in protest against Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev's decision to dissolve parliament, their leader said. A New Jersey man who reportedly was estranged from his 30-year-old son for most of his life is going to court to fight for half of the $2.9 million (euro2.16 million) benefit awarded after he died at the World Trade Center. Colorado Rockies team president Keli McGregor, a former National Football League player, was found dead Tuesday in a hotel room, Salt Lake City police said. McGregor was 48. For years, Sean J. Egan has been trying to crack the cartel consisting of Moody's Investors Service, Standard &AMP; Poor's and Fitch Ratings, credit-ratings agencies with quasi-government authority and enormous global clout. Global powers are scrambling to do business in Central Asia due to its vast oil reserves and other natural resources, despite the remoteness and tensions in the region that includes the former Soviet republics of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Turkmenistan. When Larry Craig, R-Lindbergh Terminal, dropped in unexpectedly for lunch with his Senate Republican colleagues Tuesday, the caucus developed a serious case of acid reflux. The British and Irish governments promised to draw up a proposal for saving Northern Ireland's Protestant-Catholic government after marathon negotiations ended Saturday with no commitment on Irish Republican Army disarmament. The draft resolution, jointly sponsored by China, Russia, Belarus and Kyrghyzstan, was approved by a recorded vote of 88 in favor to 5 against, with 66 abstentions.
t9127 President Jiang Zemin has called for greater emphasis on self-reliance and technical upgrading to overcome the crisis faced by the country's agriculture sector, the People's Daily said Wednesday. Italian energy company ENI SpA and Russian state-controlled company OAO Gazprom on Saturday said they signed a deal for a gas pipeline from Russia to Bulgaria via the Black Sea, news agencies said. Actor Harutyun Movsisian has no doubt why his character Hovo has become one of the best-loved and most popular figures on Armenian television. Greg Ray was sitting at A.J. Foyt's desk the other day, staring at the trophies the Texas icon has collected over the past 30 or 40 years. The husband of Princess Caroline of Monaco, Prince Ernst August of Hanover, was in "stable but serious" condition on Sunday with an inflamed pancreas, a source close to his entourage said as Monaco residents began paying their last respects to Caroline's late father Prince Rainier. Twenty years ago this December, President Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev signed the only treaty in history that eliminated an entire class of weapons -- shorter- and intermediate-range ballistic missiles. Orbitz, an online travel site owned by several of the nation's largest airlines, is teaming up with Hotwire, another industry-backed Web site that offers deep discounts to people with flexible itineraries. Japan's Atsushi Fujita won the 54th Fukuoka International Open Marathon in Fukuoka, Japan on Sunday in a Japanese record two hours six minutes and 51 seconds, defeating Sydney Olympic gold medalist Gezahegne Abera of Ethiopia.
t1692 The wife of a multiple rapist blamed her own sexual problems for driving her husband to carry out more than 100 rapes or attempted rapes. Anders Igel, the chief of Nordic telecom operator TeliaSonera AB, will leave his post on July 31, the company said Tuesday. Ambassadors of six major powers huddled behind closed doors at the US mission to the United Nations here Wednesday to resume substantive bargaining on fresh sanctions against Iran. Lawmakers and bankruptcy-law specialists are citing the collapse of Enron in urging Congress to close a loophole in state law in Texas and Florida that would allow the company's former executives to shield millions of dollars in assets from shareholders and employees by shifting it into luxury homes. The United States on Thursday warmly welcomed China's release of jailed Uighur dissident Rebiya Kadeer and urged Beijing to free "all others who are imprisoned unjustly" for their beliefs. Last month, Cole McMorris Rodgers made his squirmy debut in his mother's arms on the House floor. He was greeted with a standing ovation and hurrahs that bellowed across the chamber. In a victory for Baghdad, the Security Council approved a five-month extension of the U.N. humanitarian program for Iraq on Tuesday after Britain and the United States dropped a plan to overhaul sanctions on the oil-rich nation to avert a Russian veto. French chemical company Rhodia recently opened a vanillic aldehyde plant in east China as part of its endeavor to increase its presence in this country.
t2812 Clashes continued Saturday in Kabul between the Shiites of the Wahdat faction and the Taliban, the religious students seeking to impose Islamic order throughout Afghanistan. The Bush administration once again declined to cite China as a country that manipulates its currency to gain unfair trade advantages, provoking an outcry from U.S. lawmakers who pledged to pass tougher legislation to force the administration to act. A powerful volcano eruption on Iceland spewing clouds of ash that caused air traffic disruption across northern Europe Thursday, could last "a long time," an Icelandic geophysicist said. The Pontiac Aztek might fit well into a comedy routine by Rodney Dangerfield, with the comedian working the Aztek into his long-running theme about never getting any respect. Test leg-spinner Stuart MacGill became an unlikely hero as New South Wales clung on for a thrilling one-wicket victory over Queensland in Australia's Sheffield Shield cricket final at the Gabba here on Sunday. Mehmet Adiyaman's eyes filled with tears of joy as he watched newly elected Kurdish lawmakers clasp hands with villagers who had come from miles around to offer their congratulations. Yugoslavia's former secret police chief and three other top security aides of former President Slobodan Milosevic were each sentenced Friday to at least a year in jail on charges of revealing state secrets. Ninety-nine-year-old Dongniang, former headman of the Lopa ethnic group in Tibet, can not help becoming excited whenever he takes up his axe, bows and arrows, which he had used for many years.
t2646 The World Trade Organisation (WTO) is facing its first major crisis with no sign of a new director general to replace outgoing head Peter Sutherland, officials said Friday. An international conference said Wednesday that tigers should not be bred in captivity for their body parts, urging Beijing to resist pressure from wealthy Chinese tiger farm owners to scrap a 14-year ban on using tigers for traditional medicines. A powerful volcanic eruption in Iceland, spewing clouds of ash that disrupted air traffic across northern Europe Thursday, could last "a long time," experts said. Nothing makes an American president bristle more quickly than the prospect of open defiance _ by allies, by enemies or by nations that hover between the two. One woman in seven in US military academies becomes the victim of sexual assault, one in every two suffering harrassment during training, according to a new Defense Ministry report. The Weekly World News will cease publication in August. It will be missed, being the only newspaper that covers Sasquatch, space aliens, ghosts, Elvis sightings and Bat Boy, among other vitally important things. The New York Islanders signed Ken Sutton away from the Eastern Conference champion New Jersey Devils, agreeing to a two-year contract with the defenseman on Thursday. China's fifth national census began around the country at zero hour Wednesday, recruiting six million census workers who are expected to visit 350 million families.
t1631 Russian ultra-nationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky came under fire Wednesday in Bangladesh for implicitly calling on India to annex this small South Asian country. A bomb planted by suspected Tamil rebels targeting power lines exploded on the outskirts of the Sri Lankan capital Tuesday, as the military said it made a major weapons haul in a former rebel outpost in the east. A second-half goal from Mevlut Erding fired Paris St Germain into the French Cup final with a 1-0 victory that broke the hearts of fourth division Normandy side Quevilly on Wednesday. Filmmakers should be careful when naming their movies _ a title like ``Wannabes'' is a big, fat slow-pitch just waiting to be hit. This mob drama wants to be ``The Godfather,'' but can't bring its story of family loyalties, jealousies and betrayals to Shakespearian heights. It wants to be Neverland Ranch was a "pleasure island" where children ran amok, appeared to be drunk and slept in Michael Jackson's private quarters, the star's former housekeeper said Thursday. It was 4:12 a.m. Wednesday when Hillary Rodham Clinton finally got her chance to address the Senate in support of a deadline for withdrawal from Iraq. Barack Obama snagged less time to speak, but at least his slot around 10 a.m. was in the daylight hours. After that, the Olympic organizers met their sponsorship goals for the 2004 Athens Games following a $13.6 million deal with a car manufacturer. Tanzania's ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM) said it is ready to accept election results to be announced by the National Electoral Commission (NEC) after the poll scheduled on Sunday.
t1149 Losses from the collapsed merchant bank Barings stand at 860 million pounds (1.38 billion dollars), ING chairman Aad Jacobs told the press on Monday. Spain's prime minister and its conservative opposition leader, at odds over how to do away with the Basque separatist group ETA, made progress Monday on forging a united front now that ETA has called off a cease-fire, a government official said. Officials at Wembley Stadium announced on Tuesday they were looking at ways of improving the pitch after last weekend's FA Cup semi-finals. John Walker Lindh lost his bid to force prosecutors to present more specific charges against him Monday, as US District Court Judge T.S. Ellis III issued ruling after ruling against the so-called American Taliban. Swiss superstar Roger Federer kept his quest alive for his second consecutive Indian Wells title by beating Ivan Ljubicic in a battle of the two hottest players on the ATP Tour. At first glance, ``Waitress'' and ``Knocked Up'' seem to have little in common, aside from proving to be chug-along successes this summer. The former, a Southern-fried, sweet-natured chick flick, stars Keri Russell as a gutsy young woman who yearns to break free of her stultifying life by baking pies; Ugo Sancez won with his nose and without his jockey in a spectacular edition Monday of Siena's ancient Palio horserace. The Australian stock market managed to drag itself to a slightly higher close Wednesday, with News Corp again weighing down the local bourse.
t6136 Swedish telecommunications firms Ericsson and Comvik International expect to sign a 300 million dollar deal to supply equipment for a nationwide mobile telephone service in Vietnam, a Swedish minister said here Monday. BATTING--Holliday, Colorado, .363; DeLee, Chicago, .344; MiCabrera, Florida, .335; DYoung, Washington, .335; Renteria, Atlanta, .330; Helton, Colorado, .322; HaRamirez, Florida, .320; Utley, Philadelphia, .320; JBReyes, New York, .320; Rowand, Philadelphia, .320. AS Roma and Inter Milan will contest the Italian Cup final for the fifth time in six years after Roma reached the trophy match despite a 1-0 defeat at Udinese in Wednesday's semi-final, second leg. When seminarians in Poznan told the Polish daily Gazeta Wyborcza late last year that the local archbishop regularly made homosexual advances toward them, the paper's editors did nothing. The list of tournaments Roger Federer hasn't won is shrinking fast, and this weekend the Swiss world number one will launch his campaign to cross off one more at the 6.5 million-dollar ATP Masters Series tournament at Key Biscayne. This year is the 75th anniversary of the Purple Heart, a decoration awarded to those who are wounded or killed while serving with the U.S. military. He doesn't remember if he's had 17 or 20 wives. Investigators claim the number reached 24, including 11 acquired in a marry-and-divorce spree over the last three years. Former Israeli President Ezer Weizman is scheduled to visit Egypt on Sunday for talks with President Hosni Mubarak, Israel Radio reported on Saturday.
t5747 Taipei ordered Sunday immediate checks to see if some 1,000 teachers and children at a primary school here have been poisoned by radioactive steel bars at one of the buildings in the school. Apple Inc. says its highly anticipated iPhone will have a battery life that supports 8 hours of talk time, better than what the company originally estimated in January. Thailand on Tuesday toughened its stance against anti-government protesters, warning security forces would use live ammunition and tear gas in any fresh clashes. An Amtrak train carrying about 450 people derailed in Seville, Fla., on Thursday evening, killing five people and trapping dozens more, law enforcement and state officials said. The lawyer for Michael Schiavo, husband of the brain-damaged Florida woman at the eye of a storm over her right to live or die, on Thursday evoked Easter as he called for Terri Schiavo to be allowed to die in peace. Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari on Sunday called on Iraq's neighbors to stop interfering in Iraqi affairs and warned that ongoing violence threatens to spread across the region. She was tall and tan and young and lovely, just as the classic song she inspired says. But does that mean Helo Pinheiro has the right to use ``The Girl From Ipanema'' to promote herself? Beijing has recently built China's first weather disaster forecast system, which enables the city to detect serious natural calamities 30 hours in advance.
t3056 China has banned all tax personnel from attending public or private banquets, just three days after a similar ban was handed down to the country's public security forces, a report said Sunday. Fiji is expelling New Zealand's top diplomat in the island nation, New Zealand's foreign minister said Thursday, following tensions over Fiji's military coup in December. A Brazilian federal court Friday overturned a judge's ruling halting moves towards construction of a huge dam that critics, including Hollywood stars, say will flood vast Amazon tribal areas. Anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy, repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved. These people are really going to love ``The Piano Teacher.'' Sven-Goran Eriksson has recalled Birmingham City striker Emile Heskey to the England squad on Sunday for the forthcoming 2006 World Cup qualifiers. A Russian expedition reached the North Pole last week and sent two men in submarines 2.65 miles below the Arctic Ocean to explore the seabed -- and, not incidentally, to plant a titanium capsule containing the red, white and blue Russian flag. The explorers want bragging rights for a Ariel Sharon returned Friday from a two-day European trip _ his first as prime minister _ that highlighted differences with France and Germany over a series of issues, including Israel's policy of targeted killings of suspected Palestinian militants. Top seed and defending champion Jennifer Capriati defeated Jana Nejedly to reach the quarter- finals of the 180,000-dollar WTA Tour event in Quebec on Thursday.
t3826 Sixteen people have died in two days of violence sparked by an attack on the minority Alawite Moslem community in Istanbul, according to a new toll given Tuesday. A federal court in northern Argentina has detained 10 former state security agents -- including four army colonels -- for prosecution in connection with a 1976 massacre, the government news agency said. Swiss authorities said Saturday that a ban on commercial flights in and out of Switzerland would be extended until 1800 GMT due to a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. Women in the music industry should be self-confident and respect themselves. If they've got great vocal talent, they should flaunt it. But with ``Gold,'' Broadway star Linda Eder shows a lack of self-respect by flaunting her body and not showcasing her amazing singing talents. New Zealand share prices closed 0.43 percent lower Tuesday, with second-line stocks softening on continuing negative overseas sentiment, dealers said. New York-based indie filmmaker Tom DiCillo never has been personally pursued by paparazzi. But he's been deluged with such photographers while making his offbeat comedies such as ``The Real Blonde'' on the streets of the Big Apple. ``I have kicked this one guy off the set of all my Three armed robbers stole $150,000 worth of jewelry from Will Allen, the New York Giants' first-round draft pick, including an earring they ripped from his ear, police said. The United States Patent and Trade Office (USPTO) said Monday that it has expanded its Web database to include every U.S. patent ever issued in history.
t3627 Canada denounced the European Union's decision Monday to break off all formal contacts with Ottawa until it releases the Spanish trawler seized by coastguards in international waters. Al-Qaida-linked insurgents released a videotape Thursday showing the execution-style deaths of 14 Iraqi soldiers and policemen after the expiration of a 72-hour deadline for the Iraqi government to meet their demands. The US Congress on Thursday passed a two-month extension of unemployment benefits, overcoming Republican opposition that stalled the aid package when the programs expired at the end of March. The comedian and actor Robin Williams has fired Michael S. Ovitz's company, the Artists Management Group, the latest blow to the troubled agency. World oil prices fell Monday on rumours that OPEC could again raise its oil production ceiling soon, but remained supported by the threat of a strike in the Nigerian energy sector. Three years ago, a private-equity fund and other investors took over the Chubb Institute, a troubled chain of career schools, hoping they could put the business on the right footing. Brad Radke tossed his fifth complete game of the season, and Matt Lawton tied a career high with four hits as the Minnesota Twins completed a three-game sweep of the Cincinnati Reds with a 7-1 victory Sunday. The general price index at Tehran Stock Exchange closed at 2758.28 points on Tuesday, up 8.15 points from Monday's finish.
t8210 Iraq on Sunday rejected a draft UN resolution on limited oil sales disclosed by the United States Friday, saying it was aimed at prolonging international sanctions. The House of Representatives has voted to reverse President George W. Bush's ban on contraceptive aid to groups overseas that offer abortions. G20 finance ministers hailed Friday a better-than-expected economic recovery and said it was time for plans to unwind measures to tackle the waning global crisis. FONTANA, Calif. - With all the talk about the young drivers on the NASCAR Winston Cup Series lately, maybe it's time to start talking about one of its youngest owners. Pope John Paul II's funeral Friday was marked in low-key fashion in Nigeria -- the nation one possible successor has been tipped to come from -- but thousands turned out for masses and held days of mourning in other parts of Africa. For months, the United States quietly brokered secret talks between Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and exiled former leader Benazir Bhutto to ease Pakistan's political crisis and keep allies in charge of a country on the front line of extremism. Extra Israeli soldiers, tanks and military vehicles took up new positions Wednesday in the West Bank, beefing up their presence around Palestinian towns as tension and violence escalate. Northeast China's Jilin province witnessed a large increase in industrial profit and foreign investment, according to information released by the provincial government.
t8525 Belgium will be without four key players when they face Spain in a crucial European Championship qualifying match at Seville on Wednesday. Ed Baird was selected as helmsman of America's Cup defender Alinghi for Saturday's opening race against challengers Emirates Team New Zealand. A torpedo attack is among the "most likely" causes for the sinking of a South Korean warship near the border with North Korea, the defence minister said in Seoul on Sunday. Even before referee Bernie Fryer blew a last-second call that nearly cost the Charlotte Hornets Game 3 of their first-round series with the Orlando Magic, Mavericks owner Mark Cuban had already urged the NBA to start using instant replay. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will travel to Moscow for a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in preparation for US President George W. Bush's trip to Russia in May, a spokesman said Friday. It's too early for General Motors to declare "mission accomplished." The company still has a long way to go in its expensive, product-intensive turnaround. There are obstacles aplenty, including a credit-crunched national economy that could slip into recession and crush new-vehicle sales. And competitors, of course, aren't sitting still The Boston Celtics and free agent guard Milt Palacio have signed an agreement that will keep the guard with the team for two more years. China's Ministry of Culture announced Thursday that it will organize a performance gala of Beijing Opera between December 24 and January 10, 2001, which is also a top competition for young opera singers.
t7038 Winnie Mandela won a round in her ongoing battle with officialdom Wednesday when a court ruled that police were wrong in confiscating documents from her premises in their probe into an alleged kickback scheme. It has withstood assaults from renegade barons, rampaging peasants, and Nazi bombers, but the Tower of London, one of Britain's top tourists attractions, is once again under siege. US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Thursday that "as of today" the United States sought to pursue deeper ties with Syria despite fears it may be sending missiles to Lebanon's Hezbollah. Habitat for Humanity, an international nonprofit organization that builds homes for needy families, is making an effort to involve more women in construction. Female crews have built more than 350 houses in the United States in the past three years. The arrest of a Muslim convert and the seizure of his explosives cache prevented a car bombing in the Philippine capital, a military spokesman said Monday. In a converted factory in the foothills of the Catskills, professional aerialists and illusionists, perched unsteadily before a shifting entertainment landscape, are learning a few new tricks. Hundreds of fuel oil and propane tanks damaged in record floods that battered southern West Virginia earlier this month are ticking time bombs that threaten public safety, state officials said Sunday. Thailand's southern commercial center, Hat Yai of Songkhla Province, was hit by the worst flood in 12 years, the local television station reported Wednesday.
t5350 Syria is to host the first visit by a German Jewish official to Damascus on Monday, the official said here Friday. The Japanese government gave an upbeat assessment of consumer spending last month and maintained its view that the economy is recovering, according to its monthly report released Monday. The governor of Oklahoma was considering tough new abortion bills Tuesday that would allow doctors to withhold test results showing fetal defects and require women to answer intrusive questions. In perhaps the greatest success story of post-Taliban Afghanistan, nearly half a million refugees have returned home this year with their possessions heaped on trucks and their faces shining with expectation. Injured England flanker Michael Lipman on Thursday signed a new two-year deal with Bath, and predicted that he will be fit to play in next month's Cup final with Leeds. In the spring of 1923, a sick and frustrated Lenin penned an article for Pravda titled "Better Fewer, But Better." The state he had willed into existence was mass-producing communists who knew nothing of communism. Better that the state should take its time, Lenin counseled, and turn out fewer A storm system created ripe conditions for showers in the Midwest on Thursday, while widespread rain was expected over New England. About 93 percent of Romanians prefer Romanian products for everyday meals, the Ziarul Financiar daily Wednesday quoted a market survey as saying.
t18 All United Nations peacekeepers in Somalia along with US and Italian forces protecting their withdrawal have left the African country, the Pentagon said Thursday. Seven astronauts Friday climbed aboard a patched-up Atlantis for the first space shuttle flight of 2007 -- a mission that was delayed by a damaging hailstorm and overshadowed by a lurid astronaut love triangle. Auxerre went top of the French league by winning 1-0 at Nancy on Sunday, but Marseille remain in pole position for the title after Lyon were held to a 1-1 draw at home to Lille. Ten days after being shot in the head while trying to help a burn victim, the chief of the Roswell Fire Department in New Mexico has died. A Paris criminal court on Tuesday sentenced a French-Algerian Islamic militant to the maximum 10 years in prison for running a terror cell that plotted to attack the US embassy in the French capital. Most of us look back on our college years as some of the best years of our lives -- or some of the healthiest, at least. But students at the University of New Hampshire are learning that they are not as healthy as they think. In a radical new vision, a leading group of experts says that a century from now 100,000 tigers can roam the planet _ perhaps 20 times more than at present _ if the proper measures are taken. Kostas Liaskas, member of the Athens 2004 Olympic Games Organizing Committee (ATHOC), was forced to resign on Wednesday for the statement he made against a cabinet minister.
t900 Malaysia is prepared to send troops to Bosnia if the United Nations and NATO agree on using force to end the conflict, Bernama news agency reported Monday. A figure from the 1970s Watergate political scandal, Chuck Colson, warned a gathering of Southern Baptist pastors against what he described as two dire threats: the deadly marriage of Islam and fascism and a new, militant atheism growing in popularity in the West. Canada's Olympic hero Sidney Crosby scored twice Sunday to hit 51 goals and finish tied for the goal scoring title on the last day of the 2009-10 NHL regular season. The Matza restaurant was one of those rare places in Israel where Jews felt they could find refuge in the company of Arabs. An oil pipeline in the eastern Mexican state of Veracruz ruptured and spilled up to 7,000 litres (1,849 gallons) of crude, a top state official said Wednesday. A former Beverly Hills ophthalmologist whose decision to cooperate with prosecutors helped launch a federal investigation of class-action law firm Milberg Weiss pleaded guilty Tuesday to conspiracy and obstruction of justice. Tom Christophersen is in a hurry. Itching with ambition, the 25-year-old accountant will tap that urgency this fall in a new Boston University program that packs an MBA and a master's in information systems into 21 months, instead of the usual four years. The Asia-Pacific Auction Center (APAC) opened in Malaysia Monday for both local and international participants to clear their goods from and into the Asia Pacific region.
t4195 The UEFA Cup semi-finals on Tuesday served up an intriguing struggle between Italy and Germany -- the strongest nations in the history of European football. With a brass band and fireworks, the Swiss inaugurated the world's longest overland tunnel Friday, opening a new era of transportation through the Alps -- the natural barrier in the heart of Europe. Three leading Iranian political reformists have been sentenced to six years in jail and barred from involvement in politics or journalism for 10 years, the ISNA news agency reported on Sunday. A transitional government headed by a leading businessman replaced President Hugo Chavez on Friday, hours after military officers forced him to resign. It was a sudden end to the turbulent three-year reign of a mercurial strongman elected by promising to distance his country from the United States while uprooting US government attorneys and cigarette makers have met secretly with a court-appointed mediator in a bid to settle the fraud and racketeering case against the firms, The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday. The influence of resurgent American religiosity on contemporary American politics is something that demands to be understood more clearly. The educator and magazine writer Earl Shorris attempts to address that need in ``The Politics of Heaven: America in Fearful Times,'' but falls short in frustrating, sometimes silly ways. Toronto Blue Jays farmhand John Frascatore verbally attacked the team's management, accusing general manager Gord Ash of lying and suggesting the need for a front-office shakeup. On the first day open to the public, the Third China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition attracted tens of thousands of local visitors Thursday.
t7785 The Frankfurt stock market nosedived this week as investors worried increasingly about the effects of the mighty mark on German exports and hence on company earnings. The military says it has driven gunmen out of an oil installation in Nigeria, and killed 12 of the gunmen. A "peace plan" by the International Whaling Commission to legitimise but reduce whaling drew fire Friday as Japan demanded higher quotas and environmentalists warned of serious harm to the ocean giants. In the biggest-selling female group of all time, Lisa ``Left-Eye'' Lopes was the brightest personality. The one we knew best. The 800 people attending the marriage blessing this weekend for Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles are a distinctly mixed bunch, ranging from royals and politicians to a smattering of past-their-best entertainers, according to a list released on Thursday. As hundreds of thousands of North Koreans cheered and waved pink paper flowers, leaders of the two Koreas shook hands at the start of a summit that is expected to inject large amounts of money from the booming capitalist South into the struggling Stalinist North. Defenseman Bobby Allen, who helped lead Boston College to the NCAA title last year, signed a two-year contract with the Boston Bruins on Tuesday. A total of 276 new cases of leprosy have been detected in Chitwan district, southern Nepal, over the last four months, according to the district public health office.
t6014 Forces loyal to druglord Khun Sa pierced Burmese defences at the border town of Tachilek early Monday, firing rockets and pinning down government positions for more than five hours, reports said. One of the key prosecution witnesses whose testimony helped convict former Enron CEO Jeffrey Skilling and company founder Kenneth Lay was sentenced to 27 months in prison. The biggest earthquake in 50 years rattled Western Australia's Goldfields region on Tuesday, damaging buildings but not causing any injuries, officials said. You can bet it went something like this: The Bruins watched the tape of Thursday's 5-2 loss to Montreal and came away saying, ``That was us?'' Asian stocks closed higher Friday amid a firmer dollar in quiet trading as most markets were shut for the Easter weekend, dealers said. International: IRAQ-ALSADR -- BAGHDAD, Iraq -- U.S. diplomats and military officers say they have held talks with members of the armed movement loyal to Muqtada al- Sadr, a sharp reversal of previous policy and a grudging recognition that the radical Shiite cleric holds a dominant position in much of Turkey's treasury chief urged politicians Friday to abide by their own economic recovery program, saying that investor confidence is crucial to bringing down interest rates. Chuan said that APEC leaders agreed that everybody could not reject the trend, thus APEC members should cooperate in making best use of the globalization.
t785 US skier A.J. Kitt was declared the winner of the World Cup downhill ski race here Sunday, even though less than half the field took part due to poor visability and heavy snow. Frankie Dettori won his third classic in eight days, riding West Wind to victory at the Prix de Diane Hermes on Sunday. Greek newspapers on Monday welcomed an agreement by the eurozone to offer Greece huge emergency loans and said the deal would add up to 80 billion euros (109 billion dollars) over three years. It was the first round of the 1987 SEC men's basketball tournament at The Omni in Atlanta. Georgia, at 17-10, needed a win to have any hope of getting into the NCAA tournament. Almost on cue, Dennis Williams broke free for a frantic jumper at the buzzer to give The row triggered by top referee Anders Frisk's retirement from football escalated on Wednesday as UEFA scheduled emergency talks on Chelsea's role in the Swedish official's decision to quit the game. Some wars end in peace treaties or surrender ceremonies. The Iraq war appears destined to end in a noxious mixture of metaphors. Nelson Figueroa earned his first major league win Sunday as the Philadelphia Phillies completed the second five-game sweep in club history with an 8-1 win over the Florida Marlins. U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Tuesday that the United Nations is taking steps to enhance the performance of its peace operations but needs sufficient resources to do the job properly.
t8748 The role of a wild and sensuous wife of a military nuclear engineer in "Blue Sky," landed Jessica Lange her second Oscar for Best Actress Monday. A stainless steel cabinet containing 6,136 handcrafted and painted pills has set a record for the highest price paid at auction for a work by living artist, an auctioneer said. Iraq's political future was thrown into disarray on Monday after two winning candidates in a general election were disqualified, prompting the United States to admit that progress was "lagging." The trial of Arthur Andersen's second-largest financial problem _ its audits of a Baptist foundation that collapsed and led to criminal prosecutions _ began Tuesday with a plaintiffs' lawyer maintaining that Andersen had ignored warnings that the charity was a ``Ponzi scheme'' years before the foundation fell apart. A Swiss lottery player was celebrating Saturday after winning a record jackpot of more than 64 million euros (83 million dollars) in the EuroMillions draw, the French national lottery agency said. For people deeply into movies, Mark Wahlberg plus Joaquin Phoenix times James Gray equals one case of anticipatory goose bumps: The two simpatico actors starred in Gray's terrific 2000 drama, "The Yards," in which they executed one of the finest naturalistic fight scenes ever captured on screen. Astronauts replaced a leaky valve leading into the international space station's new entryway, then turned their attention Thursday to getting the portal ready for its debut as a corridor for spacewalkers. The people of Switzerland marked the World AIDS Day on Friday with rallies and messages of solidarity to those afflicted by HIV/AIDS.
t9869 Australia's gross domestic product increased a seasonally adjusted 0.4 percent in the three months to December and by 5.0 percent over 1994, the Australian Bureau of Statistics announced Friday. A passenger plane flying Monday between two popular tourist destinations in Cambodia has crashed, with at least 20 people on board feared killed, an aviation official said. Former first lady Laura Bush writes in her forthcoming autobiography that she and her husband George W. Bush may have been poisoned when they became ill at a summit in Germany in 2007, the New York Times reported Wednesday. When the spirit moves them, Notre Dame students mobilize. Nearly 7,000 flocked to a memorial Mass on the grassy South Quad on the afternoon of Sept. 11. This spring, hundreds came out to protest the administration's crackdown on alcohol and ban on dormitory dances. They demonstrated right under the US President George W. Bush urged visiting Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Monday not to expand settlements in the West Bank and to dismantle any illegal outposts. The lab's board of directors had suspended him last week following publication of the comments in an interview in the Oct. 14 edition of London's Sunday Times. The board said its members "vehemently disagree" with Watson's statements "and are bewildered and saddened." Indians starter Bartolo Colon was suspended for seven games and fined an undisclosed amount Friday for intentionally throwing at Houston's Scott Servais. Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni Thursday called upon political leaders in Africa to work together in a common war against the HIV/AIDS pandemic, lamenting that the killer disease has now become overwhelmingly an African problem.
t9889 China's economic czar Vice Premier Zhu Rongji has again called on companies to improve the quality of their products which often do not meet international standards, press reports said Friday. The final British troops withdrew Monday from the South Armagh borderland of Northern Ireland, ending a 37-year mission to keep watch over the Irish Republican Army's most dangerous power base. The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday said the troubled US labor market "is beginning to improve," as it kept ultra-low interest rates on hold. There's a baseball lineup card out there calling him, softly but constantly imploring him to come home. Every day, Celtics forward Eric Williams looks the other way, like a dieter driving past an outdoor barbecue with the windows down. The United States has formally put forward a draft resolution in the United Nations human rights commission seeking to prolong UN scrutiny of human rights in Cuba, a US official said Monday. Kirby Logan Archer and Guillermo Zarabozo entered pleas of not guilty before U.S. Magistrate Judge Ted E. Bandstra in a case that has sent a chill through Florida yachting circles. Timothy McVeigh's defense team billed the government more than $147,000 for the unsuccessful battle to delay his execution and other legal work in the last four months of his life. Pop star Madonna will marry her film director boyfriend Guy Ritchie in Scotland on December 22, it was reported Thursday.
t5972 Relatives of those killed in Taiwan's worst-ever fire Monday vowed to continue a hunger strike until all officials whose negligence they claim contributed to the high death toll are punished. A view of the River Thames painted by Claude Monet sold for almost 18 million pounds (US$36 million; euro27 million) at auction Monday, kicking off a week of big-budget sales on the London art market. Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu on Monday reassured Azerbaijan that Ankara remained "united" with Baku and would uphold Azerbaijani interests during its reconciliation efforts with Armenia. My family's thoughts drifted toward clam chowder, flounder fillets and shrimp ready to be fried, at any of a cluster of local eateries on this franchise-free Gulf of Mexico island. A last minute drop-goal from Jimmy Gopperth allowed the Wellington Hurricanes to snatch a come-from-behind 12-9 win over the Western Stormers in a tryless Super 12 rugby match here Friday. The Bush administration's new federal disaster-response plan drew harsh criticism Tuesday from state and local officials only a day after it was unveiled, prompting fresh calls by House Democrats to make the Federal Emergency Management Agency a stand-alone Cabinet-level agency. Glass artist Dale Chihuly is betting that his first retail shop is going to be a hit with the 36 million tourists who visit Las Vegas annually. The Shenzhen Composite Index went down 0.2 percent to close at 643.98 points Friday, while the sub-index inched up 0.01 percent to 4953.89 points.
t2401 Eager Chinese investors snapped up 15 million yuan (1.78 million dollars) worth of tradeable three-year treasury bonds offered by the Shanghai bourse on the first day of sales, the Shanghai Security News said Friday. Japan has found no safety problems at dozens of U.S. meatpacking facilities it inspected last month, and will no longer check all boxes arriving in Japan, the government said Wednesday. Seventeen policemen suffered minor injuries and four police cars were demolished in a brawl on Thursday in a Roma-populated district of the Macedonian capital Skopje, police said. Pharmacia Corp., the big pharmaceutical company, has reached an agreement to buy AT&AMP;T's sprawling 140-acre headquarters complex in Basking Ridge, N.J., according to people familiar with the negotiations. A formal signing is expected next week, they said. Saudi Arabia's de facto ruler Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz will attend next week's Arab summit in Algiers, a senior official told AFP. ``Dragon'' comes from the Greek word ``drakon,'' meaning large serpent. You can see a dragon in the sky if you look for the constellation Draco. President Bush headed to his family's vacation retreat in Kennebunkport, Maine, on Thursday for a quiet weekend and a break from Washington's heat and humidity. The U.N. Security Council Tuesday adopted a resolution that it recommends the General Assembly to admit the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia as a member of the United Nations.
t2576 A federal appeals court here Friday upheld the sentence of the 87 -year-old former Stasi chief of police to six years in prison for the murder of two policemen 64 years ago. Jordan's military court on Wednesday sentenced two men to life imprisonment for plotting to carry out cross-border terror attacks against neighboring Israel. A huge explosion rocked the southern Afghan city of Kandahar on Thursday, an AFP correspondent said, as ambulances rushed to the scene. The Anaheim Angels lost Benji Gil to the 15-day disabled list Friday when he sprained his left ankle, but at least they could joke about it. The European Union will counter-attack at the World Trade Organization if the United States decides to take a dispute over subsidies to aircraft makers Airbus and Boeing to the WTO, a European Commission official said Saturday. A woman who raped a 4-year-old boy at a New York day care center was sentenced Tuesday to 20 years in prison, prosecutors said. Ken Caminiti will join the Atlanta Braves on Friday and serve as the club's designated hitter in Boston this weekend. Less known Venezuela's Maria Vento, ranked 103rd in the world, surprisingly defeated seventh seed Lilia Osterloh of the United States 6-0, 6-3 Tuesday to reach the second round of a women's tennis tournament in Quebec, Canada.
t3762 The UN Security Council decided Monday to keep international economic sanctions on Iraq, but France and Russia said they would continue pressing for the oil embargo against Baghdad to be lifted. Ruth Graham, who surrendered dreams of missionary work in Tibet to marry a suitor who became the world's most renowned evangelist, died Thursday in North Carolina. She was 87. Air traffic remained seriously disrupted across Europe Saturday as a cloud of ash released from Iceland's volcanic eruption forced many countries to close their airspace. The giant has stumbled. On April 8 IBM, the world's largest computer company, gave a warning of lower-than-expected revenues in the first three months of the year _ its first such warning in a decade. UN Secretary General Kofi Annan threw down the gauntlet to world leaders on Monday, pressing them to adopt the most wide-ranging reforms since the United Nations was founded 60 years ago. Reggie the alligator -- the John Dillinger of semi-aquatic reptiles -- was returned to custody Wednesday after having busted out of the slammer at the Los Angeles Zoo overnight. Slick streets made for tricky running Monday as bulls and daredevils tumbled repeatedly during the San Fermin Festival's famed morning bull run Monday. Two people were slightly injured, the Red Cross said. Li Ruihuan, Chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), said here Tuesday that only if Hong Kong maintains united, stable and prosperous, can it make greater and more contribution to China's reunification and rejuvenation.
t6158 US company Midway Airlines has signed a contract for buying four Airbus A320s and taken options on four more, the European Airbus consortium announced on Monday. The glass ceiling remains low for Japanese women, with relatively few in leadership roles such as management or politics compared with other advanced countries, a government report said Tuesday. A US Senate panel approved legislation Wednesday to impose unprecedented rules on the vast market in complex financial instruments called derivatives, implicated in the 2008 financial crisis. British military officials warned Saturday that Mohammad Zaher Shah, the former Afghan king who returned from exile last week, was under the threat of assassination from killers posing as journalists. Kyrgyzstan's new leaders tightened their grip on power Friday, naming an interim head of state and calling a fresh election, as the nation's ousted ruler denounced what he called a coup d'etat and vowed to return. In Los Angeles you can take your pick of popular-music's sacred sites, from Central Avenue near downtown to Laurel Canyon, Whittier Boulevard on the Eastside to the Sunset Strip. But from the wooden deck of his Topanga Canyon house, Devendra Banhart can drink in his own special dose of Police quickly broke up a protest Friday by groups opposed to Beijing's bid to stage the 2008 Olympics, hours before the games were awarded to the Chinese capital. Pivot Yao Ming led the Shanghai Sharks to a brilliant victory by ousting the defending champions Bayi Rockets 100-95 in the opening game of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA) new season Saturday night.
t2926 Prince Charles on Saturday began a four-day visit to Egypt during which he will meet with Moslem religious leaders for talks on holding a "dialogue with Islam," his press secretary said. Americans brushed off rising gasoline prices and stormed the malls in May, pushing up retail sales by the largest amount in more than a year. Up to 2,000 people may have been pulled from the rubble of northwestern China's earthquake, with around 100 dead bodies recovered as rescue efforts ploughed ahead, reports said Thursday. While calling publicly on Israel to end its offensive against Palestinians in the West Bank ``without delay,'' the Bush administration has privately signaled to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon that he can phase out the operation gradually, two US officials said Monday. The death toll from a gas blast at two adjacent coal mines in China soared to 60 Sunday as four mine owners were detained on suspicion of defying an order to cease operations, state media said. Some scholars think the first fairy tale was ``Cupid and Psyche,'' written in about A.D. 100. The story is similar to ``Beauty and the Beast.'' The first written version of ``Cinderella'' dates from about 850 and was written in China. Alcoa Inc.'s earnings fell 16.4 percent in the second quarter due to one-time charges, though the world's largest aluminum company still beat Wall Street's expectations. Judging by opening-night rosters, the NBA has become the world's game with a record 46 foreign-born players representing 28 countries and regions.
t9444 Major League Baseball's union executive committee voted Wednesday to end its 7 1/2-month strike if a court order is issued forcing owners to reinstate salary arbitration and free agency rules. The Palestinian intelligence chief on Sunday accused Iran of close involvement in Hamas' violent takeover of Gaza, saying Tehran funded the Islamic militants and trained hundreds of them. The Japan Football Association has vowed to stand by its national coach, Takeshi Okada, after supporters filed a petition calling for his resignation ahead of the World Cup, reports said Tuesday. The literature of the new Russian avant-garde is hatched here in a ramshackle house just a yard from the railroad tracks that run by the Delaware River. Parked outside, under green tarps and camouflage netting, are three disabled military jeeps that first saw service in World War II. Inside, The prime ministers of China and India were poised Monday to sign an accord aimed at resolving a boundary dispute that has bedevilled relations between the Asian giants for more than four decades, visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said. A Washington Post article incorrectly said a woman who died in police custody after an incident at an airport gate in Phoenix had been denied a seat on a US Airways/Mesa Airlines flight because of overbooking. The woman was denied a seat because she arrived late at the gate, Showers and thunderstorms moved Friday across the northern Plains, upper Midwest and Great Lakes, while dry skies prevailed in the Northeast and West. A high-level Syrian delegation arrived here on Tuesday for a visit to Egypt in a bid to implement bilateral accords on economic cooperation, the official Middle East News Agency reported.
t5187 The dollar was under pressure on Friday morning against the main European currencies, and particularly against the yen which was hovering close to last week's all-time low, dealers said. The deadliest insurgent attack since the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 destroyed a bus full of police instructors at Kabul's busiest transportation hub on Sunday, killing 35 people and wounding 52, officials said. China and Venezuela have agreed on energy deals and loans worth a hefty 36 billion dollars, as the Asian giant cements ties with a Latin American state that is a major irritant to Washington. He may be there long enough to make two starts, then return to the Rangers as a starter when they go back to a five-man rotation. Former world chess champion Bobby Fischer Thursday flew out of Japan, where he had been detained since July, en route to Iceland after Tokyo decided not to deport him to the United States where he faces prison, an airport official said. Migrating farmers then completed the circle, taking the European boars back to the Near East, where they supplanted the first domesticates, according to a report in Monday's issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Average mortgage rates for single-family homes in the 10 largest metropolitan areas as of July 11 as compiled by bankrate.com. The rates are for 30-year, fixed-rate mortgages for 80 percent of the value of the house. A point is a one-time fee equaling one percent of mortgage. The European Bank of Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) will admit Yugoslavia as a formal member by the end of this year and will let the country join its projects early next year, said EBRD President Jean Lemierre on Tuesday.
t9789 A Bosnian government offensive Thursday appeared to be slowed down by heavy snow while relations between the warring Serbs and Moslems and the UN Protection Force continued to deteriorate. Malaysia will return nearly 400 smuggled rare tortoises to their native India this week, an official said Monday, in a case that highlights concerns about illegal trade in exotic animals. Antigua's Sir Vivian Richards Stadium had its 12-month suspension lifted by the International Cricket Council (ICC) on Wednesday and was passed fit to stage Tests and one-dayers again. The popular television show ``The Bachelor'' has revived a debate that has preoccupied every fifth-grade class since the Stone Age: is it better to throw yourself at a guy you like, or just to ignore him? The Lebanese Shiite Muslim guerrilla Hezbollah said Monday it flew a pilotless drone over northern Israel, the second such flight since November. Despite widespread estimates that as many as 1 million evacuees fled Southern California's wildfires, the number of people displaced from their homes at any one time appears to have been substantially lower. Shooting guard Mitch Richmond, who became the 26th player in NBA history to score 20,000 career points last season, has signed a one-year contract with the Los Angeles Lakers. U.S. Computer Associates Corporation (CA) Tuesday announced a new business-to-business (B2B) initiative to deliver Intelligent E-business Management to B2B and e-marketplaces.
t9331 Yemeni police shot dead at least three people and wounded several others in clashes in the southern port city of Aden Wednesday sparked by anger over a petrol price hike, witnesses said. East Timor will vote for a new parliament this week, with hopes high that the winning party will unite the poverty-stricken nation after a year of violence and instability. India's defending champion Viswanathan Anand and his Bulgarian challenger Veselin Topalov ended with a draw on Tuesday, in the third game in their 12-game duel for the world chess title. Everyone is headed to Louisville this weekend in search of a special Derby moment: the lucky bettor who picks the winner, the jockey who rides the winner, the person who owns the winner. They're all part of the grand mosaic called the Kentucky Derby. West Bromwich Albion manager Bryan Robson backed his side to become the first side in Premier League history to avoid relegation after being bottom at Christmas following their 1-1 derby draw against Aston Villa. Over the p ast few fashion seasons, we've seen the return of 1960s patent-leather go-go boots, 1930s-era brogues, the classic 1950s ballet flat and the 1970s platform. Leftist guerrillas admitted abducting a former governor from a U.N. vehicle in Colombia and demanded Thursday that U.N. officials explain why they were traveling with a ``widely known'' paramilitary collaborator. Thailand plans to double its food exports from 400 billion baht (9.3 billion U.S. dollars) to 800 billion baht (18.6 billion dollars) annually in the near future, Industry Minister Suwat Liptapallop said here Monday.
t4452 US industrial production rose 0.5 percent in February, while capacity utilisation rose to 85.7 percent, its highest level in more than 15 years, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday. The Sri Lankan president met with a Norwegian peace broker in Geneva on Friday to discuss the worsening conflict as religious leaders in Colombo denounced recent human rights violations. Voters lined up to cast their ballots across the self-declared Turkish Cypriot state on Sunday in a leadership vote that could put a hardliner in power and jeopardise talks on reunification of the divided island. SAN JOSE - When the Los Angeles Kings left home earlier this week they focused on securing a playoff spot and possibly capturing the Pacific Division title. As they returned home Saturday night after two road losses, coach Andy Murray wondered where that intense focus went. New Zealand's Marshall brothers were named as the first identical twins to ever play Test cricket Wednesday after Black Caps selectors lost patience with the struggling opening partnership of captain Stephen Fleming and Craig McMillan. On aol.com this week, the Internet-based loan company Lending Tree offered "bad credit options" and a $425,000 loan for only $1,376 a month. And Countrywide Financial Corp., the nation's largest lender, declared "Bad Credit? Call Today. Refinance or Tap into Your Home's Equity" in an online ad from its A man who has accused Mayor William Ward of attacking him during last month's congressional campaign said he was struck in the face, shoved and grabbed by the neck and crotch during the altercation. An Israeli policeman was slightly wounded in a bomb explosion near the Flower Gate in the walled Old City in East Jerusalem Friday morning.
t2841 Chinese officials pledged Saturday to refocus the country's development strategy onto poor inland regions that have been left behind as coastal provinces have boomed under economic reforms. Iran's recent reduction of cooperation with the U.N. atomic monitoring agency signals it seeks a freer hand to work on secret activities that could allow it to move overnight to making nuclear arms, the chief U.S. delegate to the agency said Wednesday. Swiss pharmaceutical giant Roche on Thursday reported a higher-than-expected rise in sales in the first quarter as it continued to benefit from strong demand for its flu drug Tamiflu. In the late 1980s, a blood test for prostate cancer came into widespread use. The test, the PSA, can find cancers when they are too small to feel and before they have spread. It is only now being evaluated in clinical trials to see if it reduces the risk Zimbabwe's opposition leader will meet poll monitors from the South African government this week after his party accused them of "prejudging" the March 31 parliamentary vote as free and fair, a minister said Sunday. Biti Rodriguez could have gone anywhere for her 10-year-old's birthday party. But Incredible Pizza, a mammoth restaurant and fun house tucked into the corner of a strip mall here, offered her something that suddenly has become a consuming obsession: safety. A Polish regional court on Friday convicted a 78-year-old Polish man of helping Nazis kill Jews in a World War II death camp and sentenced him to eight years in prison. Industrial production and foreign trade in Romania have achieved remarkable growth in the first nine months of this year, laying a solid groundwork for an upward turn in the country's economy, which has slipped by 14 percent in the past three years.
t9227 Former Nice mayor Jacques Medecin remained defiant at his trial on charges of embezzling at least two million francs (400,000 dollars) Wednesday, in his first court appearance since fleeing to South America five years ago. Lady Bird Johnson remained hospitalized Saturday but the former first lady doing well while undergoing tests and is with her two daughters, a family spokeswoman said. Paris Saint Germain suffered a 4-0 humiliation at already-relegated Grenoble on Tuesday four days before they turn out for the French Cup final. To tile or not to tile, perchance to put down sheet vinyl? These were questions we received from a Brookline couple concerning the tiling of their old bathroom floor. Iran's conservative-dominated parliament started examining Sunday a draft bill that would allow abortion in the first four months of pregnancy if the woman's life is in danger or the fetus is deformed. "Lake of Fire" does something with the volatile subject of abortion that neutral observers and even political partisans can appreciate: It offers a wide representation of perspectives and opinions. For the most part, producer/director/writer/cinematographer Tony Kaye (who also made "American History X") does his best to rattle EVERY viewer's Struggling business software maker Ariba Inc. switched chief executives for the second time in three months Thursday, replacing Larry Mueller with his predecessor, Keith Krach, the company's chairman and co-founder. "There is not going to be a ruling before noon. We expect it to be closer to 2 p.m. (1900 GMT)," Cass said, citing the large amount of paperwork associated with the case.
t3794 Narcotics authorities from 15 countries in the Asia-Pacific region opened their first working-level talks Tuesday to cooperate in rooting out drugs from the region. A beleaguered Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas declared a state of emergency and disbanded the Hamas-led unity government after the Islamic militant group vanquished its Fatah rivals and effectively took control of the Gaza Strip on Thursday. Croatia midfielder Ivan Rakitic netted twice to put Schalke 04 top of the Bundesliga in a 3-1 win over Moenchengladbach on Saturday, but Bayern Munich can retake the lead if they beat Hanover later. Whatever economic revival may be developing in the United States and elsewhere, it isn't doing much for Mexico's struggling manufacturers. Hong Kong share prices ended the morning 0.2 percent lower Tuesday as overnight Wall Street falls hit investor sentiment already dampened by expectations that a hike in US interest rates will trigger similar moves here, dealers said. Are you vacationed-out, tired of video-gaming, waterlogged by too many trips to the pool and ready to scream if you see one more ``SpongeBob'' rerun? Two men were beheaded in Riyadh on Monday for killing a man with a meat cleaver after a financial dispute. The following are exchange rates against the Pakistani rupee issued by the Treasury Management Division of the National Bank of Pakistan on Tuesday.
t2695 The audience at the Bolshoi Theatre here on Friday evening was startled when the curtain rose, not on the featured Prokofiev ballet Romeo and Juliet, but on a protest demonstration. Germany's parliament approved Wednesday legislation granting compensation for victims who suffered political persecution under the former East German communist regime. Air space in Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands will be hit from 1400 GMT by the ash cloud which shut down British and Scandinavian airports, a regional air control centre warned Thursday. Much of the focus leading up to the Masters has centered around changes, about how officials have lengthened and reconfigured some of the holes at Augusta National, this shrine of a golf course tucked in amid towering Georgia pines. Police have issued a warning about the threat of a new bombing campaign in Britain by rogue Irish republican groups, a newspaper revealed on Sunday. Conservative Republican senators Thursday introduced a bill bristling with immigration enforcement measures, the latest in a range of efforts across government to crack down on illegal immigration after the Senate's failure this summer to pass a broader overhaul. Celebrating his 55th birthday at a place that has been a family bastion for generations, President Bush has just one goal: to make an early tee time and shoot the lowest golf score he can manage. Olympic champion Yevgeny Kafelnikov of Russia reached the quarter-finals of the Stuttgart Masters Series by beating Argentine Franco Squillari 6-3, 7-5 on Thursday.
t632 Ultra-nationalist Russian leader Vladimir Zhirinovsky arrives here Sunday on his first trip to a country he calls "one of the 10 great powers." Police have arrested two men for the murder in April of two elderly nuns in a convent in southern Greece, authorities said Sunday. Pakistan is gearing to expand production of nuclear weapons-grade fuel and blocking talks on a treaty that would halt global production of new nuclear material, the New York Times reported Monday. In standard histories of world cinema, the Inuit people of northern Canada figure mostly in connection with Robert J. Flaherty's ``Nanook of the North,'' an epochal silent documentary made in 1922. Eighty years later, the voices of the Inuit can at last be heard on screen. ``The Fast Runner Yemen's president, irked by US charges that Sanaa violates human rights, accused Washington on Wednesday of double standards after his premier said Washington used "two voices" over terrorism and rights. Democratic lawmakers Friday charged the administration of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger with bullying the state's air board into softening enforcement of environmental laws, as two former top regulators testified that the governor's chief deputies routinely pressured them not to push ahead with policies that industry found objectionable. BALTIMORE ORIOLES_Purchased the contract of RHP John Wasdin from Rochester of the International League. Optioned RHP Jay Spurgeon to Rochester. Designated OF Eugene Kingsale for assignment. While holding talks with his Syrian counterpart Muhammad Naji Otri, Wu said the Middle East issue has been lingering for more than half a century, thus becoming a regional hot spot which has lasted for the longest period of time since the end of World War II, adding that
t2882 Egypt is to export a million dollars worth of trousers to Japan in the first deal of its kind, Industry Minister Ibrahim Fawzi said here Saturday. Oil and gasoline prices rallied Wednesday after the government reported that the nation's gasoline stockpiles remain well below average for this time of year. Japan's Mazda Motor will recall nearly 90,000 passenger cars domestically and in China due to an oil hose defect, the company said Thursday. Here on the quiet streets of Israel, where no one wants to visit a restaurant that is popular, where people scuttle away from anyone with a thick coat, where holy books preach brotherhood as humans call for reprisals, how can faith in the future be restored? The woman suspected of murdering French banker Edouard Stern was described Sunday as distraught and weeping in jail following the fatal shooting of her millionaire lover. Sen. Olympia J. Snowe will be on the streets of Portland and Brunswick and Bangor this week consulting her ``greatest barometer'' on the war. The chief prosecutor of the U.N. war crimes tribunal disclosed for the first time Friday that two Croat citizens have been indicted by the court on suspicion of war crimes. At least 17 people were killed Thursday in a truck accident in Pyuthan district of western Nepal, the official Radio Nepal reported.
t4255 The third summit of the 10-nation Economic Cooperation Organisation (ECO) was due to end here late Wednesday with an apparent lack of consensus on certain key proposals. North Korean officials bristled at suggestions from South Korea that the leaders of the two sides hold a summit, even as they held a joint event Friday to mark the anniversary of the only such meeting between Korean leaders in Pyongyang. Sudanese polls were "free and fair" considering the context, African Union observers said on Sunday, a day after observers from the European Union and the Carter Centre said they had failed to reach world standards. Henry J. Kasperowicz, whose work for Allen B. DuMont Laboratories in Passaic, N.J., resulted in one of the early patents for a color television tube, died on March 31 in his home in Vista, Calif. He was 84. Shops, kiosks and markets were closed across Niger on Tuesday for a stay-home strike against a new tax that has sent costs of staple goods soaring beyond the means of most people in the northwest African state, among the world's poorest countries. Self-proclaimed pedophile Jack McClellan was released from jail Tuesday after the Los Angeles City Attorney's office determined that the restraining order he was arrested for allegedly violating was procedurally defective. New Age music composer Chip Davis has abandoned plans to build an outdoor amphitheater because of court challenges from a neighboring golf course. Daewoo Motor went belly up Wednesday after its creditor banks announced that no fresh loan will go to the second largest automaker of South Korea.
t7950 The UN plans to evacuate up to 2,000 Kurdish refugees Sunday near Zakho in the north Iraqi border region where a Turkish offensive against Kurdish separatist guerrillas is underway, UN refugee officials said Saturday. A man wanted for raping a teenager has surrendered to police after living for nearly a month in the woods of Pennsylvania, eating worms and drinking from a creek to survive, a newspaper reported Wednesday. Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini believes his side can still qualify for the Champions League despite seeing goalkeeper Shay Given go off injured in a goalless draw at Arsenal on Saturday. Randolph Maddix, a schizophrenic who lived at a private home for the mentally ill in Brooklyn, was often left alone to suffer seizures, his body crumpling to the floor of his squalid room. The home, Seaport Manor, is responsible for 325 starkly ill people, yet many of its workers Chinese journalist Cheng Yizhong Friday thanked the United Nations for awarding him the 2005 World Press Freedom Prize, but said he could not speak to the media apparently due to restrictions placed on him by the Chinese government. Witnesses said three blasts went off, seconds apart, as the three-vehicle convoy drove near the Polish Embassy in central Baghdad. The ambassador, Gen. Edward Pietrzyk, was evacuated to a U.S.-run hospital in the Green Zone, where his injuries were described as not serious. Hollinger International and Donald Trump announced a joint venture Tuesday to demolish the Chicago Sun-Times building and replace it with a multi-use high rise. Five military units and seven army experts have been given awards by the Central Military Commission (CMC) for their meritorious deeds.
t2956 The Italian Popular party (PPI) held its national executive meeting here Saturday with acrimony in the air amid a left-right clash over its newly-forged alliance with former premier Silvio Berlusconi. The new top editor of The Wall Street Journal shook up the senior ranks of the paper's newsroom Wednesday, even as the family that controls the Journal's parent company continued to weigh a possible sale to media baron Rupert Murdoch. Hours before the children arrive, US soldiers take up position in a darkened school, where classrooms are riddled with bullet holes from attacks blamed on a group known as the Haqqani network. When Rick Adelman guided the Portland Trail Blazers to the NBA finals in 1990 and 1992, they would run a gantlet. It was not only Magic Johnson's Lakers. The Utah Jazz of a much spryer John Stockton and Karl Malone. Hakeem Olajuwon in Houston, David Robinson in San Antonio. After a warning by Europe's top human rights body Azeri President Ilham Aliyev gave an amnesty Sunday to 114 prisoners, including 53 who appeared on the Council of Europe's list of political detainees, the president's office said. ``Everyone's a hero, everyone's a star,'' sings Jon Bon Jovi on his 2005 album, ``Have a Nice Day.'' It's an insipid song, and a fitting anthem for what has become a thoroughly insipid age. Hundreds of domestic and international flights were canceled or delayed Friday after air traffic controllers and Alitalia pilots and flight attendants walked off the job for eight hours. The fourth annual Beijing- Hong Kong Economic Cooperation Symposium opened here Thursday, offering a platform for government officials, entrepreneurs and scholars to explore new opportunities for economic cooperation between the two places.
t6745 Millions of commuters returned to the Tokyo subway system Wednesday after the national holiday, as subway officials stepped up safety checks and called for public cooperation. Men are more likely to look at a woman's face before other areas when shown naked pictures, according to a study by Emory University researchers. The emir of gas-rich Qatar said on Thursday on a brief visit to the Comoros that his country would pay the salaries of the island nation's civil servants who have not been paid for months, an official said. The world of mosses is a miniature world. Tiny plants often grow so close together they can look like one vast green carpet, but closer examination reveals a covering more closely resembling a forest of miniature trees or dense ferns. Lebanon awoke to an Easter Sunday marred by another bomb blast in a Christian neighborhood that opposition figures charged was work of security services trying to foment sectarian unrest at a moment of high political tension. Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., told a Washington political newspaper that there are "too many mosques in this country, there's too many people who are sympathetic to radical Islam. A civilian crew member was killed and one was missing after an ammunition ship caught fire at an Army terminal on the Cape Fear River. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has cancelled a scheduled visit to Cairo on Tuesday for talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on the latest Middle East situation, the Egyptian government information service said.
t6135 Telekom Malaysia Bhd. signed an agreement with seven foreign telecom companies and agencies Monday to set up a satellite communications network for aircraft, called Skyways Alliance, by year's end. Torrential overnight rainfall flooded a handful of North Texas towns, killing at least five people and stranding residents and their pets on the roofs of their homes. Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger was suspended for six games on Wednesday by National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell for violating the NFL's personal conduct policy. When seminarians in Poznan told the Polish daily Gazeta Wyborcza late last year that the local archbishop regularly made homosexual advances toward them, the paper's editors did nothing. At least two Iraqis were killed and 19 wounded, many of them pilgrims marching to the Shiite shrine city of Karbala, when a suicide bomber blew his vehicle Friday by a police station, south of Baghdad, provincial police said. The cry of the shofar broke through the downtown din Tuesday as Shmuel Herzfeld gave the ram's horn a good blast. Estonia's Jaan Kirsipuu won the sixth stage of the Tour de France on Friday, with Lance Armstrong recording the same time as the leader and staying in 15th place. Iran's Majlis (Parliament) is working on a bill aimed at attracting foreign investments, the Islamic Republic News Agency reported on Saturday.
t2135 International peacekeepers may be able to remain in Croatia despite Zagreb having ordered all UN forces to leave the country by the end of June, Croatian Deputy Foreign Minister Ivan Simonovic said here Thursday. President Hosni Mubarak's ruling party won a majority of seats in Egypt's upper house of parliament in elections that war marred by violence and accusations of irregularities, a state-run newspaper reported Tuesday. "Ever tasted a pea-flower or beetroot sprout?" said Didier Pil, a chubby French vegetable farmer in overalls whose annual harvest of 120 different varieties largely winds up in the kitchens of the country's top chefs. There was disturbing news for Israel this week from Turkey, its best Muslim friend in the region. The news that the Turkish army had quietly signed a $660 million deal with Israel to modernize its fleet of tanks coincided with Israel's latest invasion of the West Bank. It all Mike Campbell-Lamerton, a former captain of Scotland and the British and Irish Lions, has died at the age of 71, the Scottish Rugby Union announced on Friday. Daniel E. Koshland Jr., former editor of the journal Science, a biochemist known for his work on proteins and enzymes and the benefactor behind a D.C. science museum, died Monday at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center in Walnut Creek, Calif., after a stroke. He was 87. Cliff Floyd found out Tuesday from Bobby Valentine that he was being left off the National League All-Star team and didn't have a problem with it. After the IPO, the company will have a total of 12.5 billion shares, making it the largest listed company in China.
t9701 Two Malaysian journalists were detained Thursday under state secrecy laws for leaking confidential information obtained by police probing a kidnap, Bernama news agency reported. Senators pushing a new immigration policy appealed to wavering supporters ahead of renewed debate on securing the borders and dealing with 12 million undocumented immigrants. Vince Carter turned back the clock with all-star Dwight Howard in foul trouble again as Orlando swept Charlotte in four straight, becoming the first team to reach the quarter finals Monday. It is hard to pinpoint when it happened, because culture changes incrementally. But Stefan D. Abrams, the chief investment officer for asset allocation at the Trust Company of the West, dates the shift in Wall Street's research culture to about 1996. India, which has a large population of Tibetan exiles, said Monday it recognised that Tibet is part of China and pledged not to allow its territory to be used for anti-China political activities. Boeing, the company that landed the contract -- the largest ever awarded by the Department of Homeland Security -- announced last week that it will finally test the fence after months of delay due to computer problems. Heavy rains have confused its remote-controlled cameras and radar, and the sensors The Memphis Grizzlies, preparing for their first season in Tennessee, are offering season ticket packages ranging from $405 to $22,500. Scientists in Hong Kong have developed a new flat panel display technology to replace liquid crystal displays in many high end applications.
t8756 "Forrest Gump" the story of an Alabama simpleton who rose to money and fame but preserved his innocence and optimism, won the Oscar for Best Picture of 1994, Monday. A Tajik court sentenced two Interpol officers to more than 5 1/2 years in prison for soliciting a US$10 million (euro7.4 million), a judge said Friday, in the latest incident of corruption among government and police in this poor Central Asian nation. Barcelona defender Gerard Pique has urged the public to fill the Camp Nou stadium and cheer on the Spanish side during their Champions League semi-finals second leg against Inter Milan. A rare public apology from the chairman of Merrill Lynch &AMP; Co. has not managed to defuse the anger of investors large and small over the conflicts of interest that they contend colored the advice of Merrill's stock analysts. Nigeria's two main oil unions on Saturday dropped a threat to paralyse their industry by holding a nationwide strike, saying that they had struck a deal on working conditions with employers and the government. Eva Mendes has quite the introduction in the kinetic action-thriller "We Own the Night" as party girl Amada Juarez. Dressed in provocative lingerie, Amada and boyfriend Bobby (Joaquin Phoenix) get hot and heavy to the pulsating beat of Blondie's "Heart of Glass." As political leaders move U.N. climate talks into high gear, the chairman of the conference says a deal can be reached to bring a global warming agreement into effect even without the United States on board. Annan, in a statement issued here through his spokesman, said, "The United Nations is urgently reassessing its involvement in the observation of the elections."
t1591 Mexico moved ahead Monday with the extradition of a former top investigator even though officials have yet to explain why they believe he was involved in his brother's political assassination. Hamas officials reported that a rocket-propelled grenade was fired at the house of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh, causing damage but no injuries. France will not give up its nuclear weapons, because doing so would "jeopardize" its security, President Nicolas Sarkozy said Monday as global leaders gathered for a summit on nuclear security. The latest production on Ernest Shackleton and the journey of the Endurance is the first fictional take on the epic. ``Shackleton'' airs in two parts, Sunday and Monday at 8 p.m. on A&AMP;E. If you don't already know the story, you'll be sure it's some Hollywood screenwriter's invention. It's Italy's Reform Minister Roberto Calderoli, a member of the anti-immigration Northern League party, announced his resignation from the government Thursday in a row over a coalition pact. Acclaimed tenor Jerry Hadley, once considered one of America's most versatile and important opera singers, died Wednesday at St. Francis Hospital and Health Centers in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., according to family spokeswoman Celia P. Novo. He was 55. Promoter Don King is offering $12.5 million to Lennox Lewis for a court-ordered rematch against Hasim Rahman, the WBC-IBF heavyweight champion. An official from the Ministry of Education said today that 6.9 million Chinese will take home education exams for the autumn semester on October 28 and 29.
t1564 The New Zealand dollar surged to a six-year high in thin opening trade Wednesday, rising 63 points to 64.96 US cents before easing. No charges will be filed in the case of a New Zealand woman who collapsed and died after a public utility cut the power supply to her home and the oxygen machine she was using, police said Tuesday. When it comes to nuclear material falling into the wrong hands, Pakistan, the former Soviet Union and North Korea top the list of countries posing the greatest risk, experts say. WHALE-MART, the store that swallowed Montgomery Ward, Bradlees, Caldor, Ames, and Service Merchandise and currently has Kmart caught in its baleen, is now the world's largest corporation in the Fortune 500. In religious lore, Jonah had enough after three days inside a leviathan. Today, people drive shopping carts right Shadowy figures captured on an amateur video of a burning Madrid skyscraper were merely reflections from other buildings, firebrigade officials said Thursday. In case you haven't heard, Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa takes full responsibility for his relationship with Telemundo newscaster Mirthala Salinas. Not some responsibility, not partial responsibility, not indirect responsibility. Full. Consumers this fall should start seeing warning labels about the 22 percent arsenic found in a wood preservative used in nearly all the treated lumber in the United States. Executives from China's large and medium-sized State-owned enterprises (SOEs) will no longer be allowed to hold government posts, a senior official announced here today.
t7337 The Paris Bourse suffered a substantial loss on Thursday as the CAC 40 index finished at 1,795.66 points, down 1.23 percent from the Wednesday close. The Vatican has reversed the annulment of former U.S. Congressman Joseph P. Kennedy II's first marriage, nearly a decade after the church's original decision prompted a scathing book by his ex-wife. Indigenous activists threatened a clash with Brazil's government as they dispatched boats carrying 150 men Wednesday to occupy the planned site of a controversial hydro-electric dam in the Amazon, a chief said. The cliche most teams throw out when they find themselves down 2-0 in a best-of-five series is their ``backs are against the wall.'' The Minnesota Timberwolves, who find themselves in precisely that position against the Dallas Mavericks, can put a new twist on that old saying. The US State Department said Monday it had alerted US diplomats in South and Southeast Asia to respond quickly to a major quake off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. A Minnesota judge on Wednesday reacted skeptically to Sen. Larry Craig's bid to withdraw his guilty plea to disorderly conduct in a Minneapolis airport restroom, asking why the Idaho Republican should be allowed to renew his defense. On foot and horseback, police went through a Washington park on Monday looking for the remains of Chandra Levy in a place she liked to visit. They came away empty-handed, frustrated anew in the 2 1/2-month search for the former federal intern. Nine of 10 armed convicts who held Thai prison officials hostage Wednesday near Bangkok and tried to escape to the Thai-Myanmar border were shot dead by police Thursday while the three hostages they took with them were injured but safe, according to latest television reports.
t5284 Sinn Fein and the British government have moved a step closer to ministerial level talks with an agreement to discuss the agenda for such a meeting Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams said here Friday. Real Madrid came from behind to win its 30th Spanish league title Sunday, beating Mallorca 3-1 and edging defending champion FC Bareclona on head-to-head results. A New Zealand father was convicted by a court Monday for leaving a baby with a heart condition locked in a car while he visited a strip club. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. World oil prices rebounded on Thursday as news of a fatal blast at BP's biggest oil refinery in the United States sparked speculative interest in the market, dealers said. Air travelers had another rough month in July: More than 30 percent of flights were delayed or canceled, according to data released Tuesday by the federal government. Motorola Inc. claims there are early signs of a turnaround in its long-slumping cellular phone business. But they are hard to spot in the company's latest quarterly result _ a $759 million net loss. Following are the latest facts and figures about China's major export commodities to France in the first nine months of 2000, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t4763 Share prices here edged higher in early trading on Thursday, with dealers reporting very little activity before a meeting of the policy- making council of the Bundesbank which, they said, might cut German interest rates. Construction workers in northern Germany have voted to go on strike after employers rejected a proposed wage settlement, their union said Saturday, clearing the way for the industry's first major walkouts in five years. Azerbaijan on Monday cancelled planned joint military exercises with the United States amid increasing tensions between Washington and the energy-rich former Soviet republic. A small group of environmentalists and other activists will rally Tuesday to urge Congress to turn back a Bush administration decision to store highly radioactive waste from commercial nuclear power plants inside Nevada's Yucca Mountain. Although at first glance London's residential streets resemble an endless urban sprawl, behind the brick facades lurks a passion for plants and gardening that puts most other cities to shame. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with E. "Bud" Cummins, U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas, who served for six years before resigning in 2006 upon learning that Tim Griffin, a former aide to White House adviser Karl Rove, was to replace him. Cummins It came as no surprise the most entertaining moment of the All-Star game involved a sawed-off bat sailing down a baseline. What was surprising is that it had nothing to do with Roger Clemens facing Mike Piazza yet again. Nearly 1,000 ophthalmologists from more than 30 countries gathered here Sunday to explore ways to treat increasing eye diseases in Asia and Africa.
t935 Shanghai share prices Monday closed nearly seven percent higher on the year's highest trade volume as local investors focused attention on the A-share market following the suspension of treasury bonds futures trading, dealers said. Retired Gen. Sun Yuan-liang, who helped lead Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalists in China's struggle against Japan during World War II, has died in Taiwan, a newspaper reported on Monday. He was 103. Anyone who doubts Asian golfers have the talent to win a Masters title shoul1d think again, especially Asian golfers themselves, South Korean star K.J. Choi said after an epic run Sunday. R.V. Cassill, a man of letters who was a novelist, short-story writer, editor, book reviewer and teacher of creative writing, died last Monday at Rhode Island Hospital in Providence. He was 82 and lived in Providence and Truro, Mass. Hezbollah's leader, Hassan Nasrallah, on Wednesday implicitly rejected a call from US President George W. Bush for the Shiite movement to disarm, saying its anti-Israeli forces were protecting Lebanon. The president's shaky political consensus for the surge in Iraq is in danger of collapsing after the recent defections of prominent Senate Republicans such as Richard Lugar, Ind., Pete Domenici, N.M., and George Voinovich, Ohio. But this growing opposition to the surge has not yet translated into support for The only way to end the Tamil separatist insurgency is full-scale war, the government said Monday, appearing to backtrack on peace efforts. The Kenyan government has assured tourists that Kenya is still a safe destination following the outbreak of the Ebola virus in neighboring Uganda, local newspapers reported Tuesday.
t6004 US Vice President Al Gore held talks here Monday with Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak ahead of the launch of an economic partnership to develop ties between the two countries. A Bahamian man who is to be flogged 10 times with a whip for raping a 6-year-old girl will appeal that part of his sentence, his lawyer said Monday. A Japanese newspaper Tuesday published what it said was a rare photograph of North Korean heir apparent Kim Jong-Un -- but South Korean officials cast doubt on the identification. A Japanese laboratory has built the world's fastest computer, a machine so powerful that it matches the raw processing power of the 20 fastest American computers combined and far outstrips the previous leader, an IBM-built machine. Russian President Vladimir Putin has lost another ally in the uprising in Kyrgyzstan, the latest ex-Soviet government brought down by people power after Georgia and Ukraine, press commentators said Friday. The nation's political and military leaders Tuesday commemorated the sixth anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks with remembrances of the nearly 3,000 people who were killed after 19 hijackers commandeered four airliners. Furious after a day of Protestant marches across Northern Ireland, Roman Catholic protesters clashed with police into the early hours Friday, in some of the province's worst rioting in years. More than 100 police officers and many rioters were hurt. Chinese Minister of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation Shi Guangsheng on Friday expressed his satisfaction with the eighth informal leadership meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic and Cooperation (APEC) forum, saying that it is "positive" and "fruitful."
t9599 A failure of internal controls, and not trading in derivatives, was the main fault which brought down the house of Barings, the governor of the Bank of England, Eddie George, said on Thursday. The Israeli military said late Sunday that an Israeli aircraft targeted at a car in Gaza City, the first such attack since the Islamic group overran Gaza earlier this month. A South Korean on Tuesday became the first woman to scale the world's 14 highest peaks when she completed an ascent of Annapurna in Nepal, live television showed. As an executive producer for ``Sex and the City'' and a columnist for Glamour magazine, Cindy Chupack has coined lots of dating terminology. ``Relationship reruns,'' for instance, refers to seeing people you used to date in the ones you're currently dating. ``Sexual sorbet'' is the man who is a A Pakistani embassy official who was kidnapped in Iraq at the weekend appears to have been abducted for ransom but remains safe and well, the foreign office said Monday. The Fact Checker will examine controversial claims and statements involving important national issues, including the war in Iraq, immigration, health care, social issues, the economy and the records of the various candidates. When we come across a statement at variance with the facts, as best we can establish them, A protester was killed in a frenzied day of clashes Friday as demonstrators hurled firebombs and stones at riot police to disrupt a summit of the world's industrialized nations. Defense Secretary William Cohen has ordered to enhance U.S. military presence in the Gulf in the aftermath of the October blast of USS Cole's blast in Yemen, Pentagon officials said on Tuesday.
t6068 Lebanese Prime Minister Rafic Hariri begins an official visit to Malaysia on Wednesday during which he will sign an economic and commercial protocol to boost ties, officials said. On the eighth day of her son's life, Julia Query welcomed friends and family to celebrate his birth and honor their Jewish heritage. The United States said Wednesday it considered "all options" on the table if Syria is found to have supplied Scud missiles to Hezbollah, posing a major threat for Israel. The five invitees to Saturday's NFL draft visited Ladder Co. 3 firehouse on East 13th Street on Friday. The trip occurred, in part, because NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue demanded it. In this instance, Tagliabue, like his predecessor, Pete Rozelle, showed that he knows a thing or two about placing As more than one billion Roman Catholics across the world prepare to commemorate Christ's Crucifixion, many pilgrims held out hope that ailing Pope John Paul II would join them by video link in Good Friday's ceremonies. Take, for example, Time Warner Cable. The company offers a voice-video-Net package called "All the Best" for $89.85 for the first 12 months. Fireworks and green lasers lighted the sky and lion dancers joined ballerinas in celebration Friday night after Beijing won the 2008 Olympics. Three of Chinese women swimmers triumphed in the final-day competitions at the second leg of the FINA World Cup short course swimming meeting in Maryland Thursday evening.
t1349 In a vigorous counterpunch to critics of the United States, US First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton took center stage at the UN World Summit on Social Development on Tuesday with a major new commitment to women's education in the Third World. Iraq's Education Ministry postponed the start of final exams for high school seniors after some of the questions were leaked to students, an official said Monday. Russian investigators have ruled out a fire or explosion as the cause of last weekend's plane crash that killed Poland's president, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov said on Tuesday. When the federal welfare law was reformed in 1996, a top goal was to give states flexibility to spend money as they saw fit. The 100th anniversary of the birth of Christian Dior, the legendary French designer who revolutionized haute couture with his New Look, will be feted with a major retrospective from May 15 in Normandy. In a tense courtroom Monday, the Los Angeles Archdiocese ended years of litigation with a $660 million settlement of hundreds of clerical abuse cases. ANAHEIM ANGELS_Placed OF Tim Salmon on the 15-day disabled list. Recalled OF Jeff DaVanon from Salt Lake of the PCL. Activated C Jose Molina from the 15-day disabled list and optioned him to Salt Lake. Almost a third of Australia's top 100 websites collected personal information without telling the surfers, Federal Attorney-General Daryl Williams revealed Thursday.
t886 Philippine President Fidel Ramos on Monday cut import duties on cement and cement clinker, opening the market further to imports amid a property boom, the presidential palace said. "Spring Awakening," a pounding post-rock musical of teenage sexual anxiety, and Tom Stoppard's "The Coast of Utopia," a sprawling tale of 19th century Russian intellectuals, dominated the 2007 Tony Awards for theater. Taiwan's Giant Manufacturing Co, the world's largest bicycle maker by revenue, said Monday it plans to invest an initial 36 million dollars on a new bicycle and electrical car plant in eastern China. The soaring cost of prescription drugs has emerged as a potent domestic political issue, not only nationally, but also at the state level. Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi backed the candidacy of former EU humanitarian commissioner Emma Bonino to head the UU refugee agency in a phone call Wednesday with US President George W. Bush. At least 20 mortar rounds and Katyusha rockets struck the fortified Green Zone on Tuesday afternoon, killing an American service member and two other people in an attack on the heart of U.S. and Iraqi government facilities in the capital. Bo Porter's three-run homer with two outs in the eighth inning lifted the Texas Rangers to a 3-1 victory Sunday night over the Oakland Athletics. Hong Kong's Secretary for Economic Services, Sandra Lee, signed the agreement on behalf of the HKSAR government. And the Bangladesh side was represented by Bangladeshi Secretary of Ministry of Civil Aviation and Tourism Chowdhury Mohammad Mohsin.
t1422 The German mark hit a record high against the French franc on the London forex market early Tuesday afternoon, trading at 3.5577 francs to the mark. Apple Inc. launched a version of its Safari Web browser for Windows-based PCs on Monday, pitting it against Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer and Mozilla's Firefox. Thailand's foreign minister has broken a taboo by advocating reform of the monarchy, unprecedented in a country where the king is hugely revered and any criticism of the royals is a serious crime. Abraham Lincoln thought slavery was a ``moral, social and political evil,'' devoted himself to preventing its spread and, as president, issued the Emancipation Proclamation. In the last speech of his life, he supported public schooling for black people and limited suffrage. Seventeen people were reported missing Thursday after a landslide buried 21 houses at a small village in Sivas province in northeastern Turkey, local officials said. The reef looked small from the boat, but once I plunged into the Caribbean I found myself gazing at what looked like a vast and intricate community, which was oddly dead and alive at the same time. In one section of Glover's Reef, which surrounds an atoll 55 miles Cathay Pacific Airways pilots began a ``work-to-rules'' labor action Tuesday that top union representatives said would cause delays. However, the company reported that flight schedules remained normal. Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi Thursday thanked the Philippine government for the successful rescue of three Malaysians held hostage by Filipino gunmen since September 10 in Jolo island in south Philippines.
t2054 Industrial group BTR Nylex Ltd reported on Thursday a 19-percent rise in net consolidated profit on the previous year to 474.9 million Australian dollars (351 million US) in the year to December, predicting further growth in the year ahead. Federal health authorities were responding Tuesday to reports that 11 people were ill on a flight from Mexico to Miami International Airport. Russian police on Wednesday raided the office of outspoken opposition magazine The New Times as part of a probe into its coverage of police abuses, its editor Yevgenia Albats told the Interfax news agency. Like a relentless drama too painful to watch, but too compelling to turn away from, the conflict in the Middle East has put some knots in New York-area residents' stomachs and suicide bombers in some nightmares. Kosovo President Ibrahim Rugova nominated Friday Environment Minister Bajram Kosumi to fill the post of prime minister after Ramush Haradinaj resigned following a war crimes indictment. Confronting his first significant political scandal since taking office, Gov. Eliot Spitzer of New York sought Tuesday to stem the fallout from a report by the state attorney general indicating that his aides had wrongly used police assistance to plant a damaging newspaper article about his chief rival, state Tying his plan for religious charities to the best hopes of the founding fathers, President Bush urged Congress on Wednesday to allow government funds to flow to churches, mosques and synagogues that seek to ease social woes. An Israeli army officer was slightly wounded as a bomb was detonated when his convoy passed near Rafah in southern Gaza Strip Monday Morning, witnesses said.
t9422 Daliberti said he had suffered a heart seizure in Baghdad and that Barloon had pounded on the door for three hours before a guard came to their assistance. Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on Sunday asked his Cabinet to unfreeze millions of dollars in Palestinian tax money as part of a package of goodwill gestures meant to shore up Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in his bitter battle with Islamic Hamas militants. US Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke on Tuesday warned that "no credible" forecast of economic growth will be enough to overcome the country's massive budget deficit. Federal authorities announced a nationwide sweep of identity theft arrests Thursday, charging the people with using false credentials to cover up a murder, sell homes belonging to the elderly and exercise 176,000 stock options belonging to an unknowing company executive. Japanese share prices closed 1.09 percent lower Monday amid concerns at the potential impact of large anti-Japanese protests in key market China over the weekend, dealers said. With some leading social conservatives threatening to boycott the Republican Party if Rudolph Giuliani wins the presidential nomination, the former New York mayor sought Saturday to assure activists in this crucial GOP voting bloc that they have "absolutely nothing to fear from me." Soul singer Al Green says he's ecstatic about a lifetime achievement award he'll receive from the Rhythm &amp; Blues Foundation later this year. The Lockerbie trial, that was adjourned for a week, went into recess again Tuesday after hearing a couple of witnesses.
t7689 A pamphlet signed by the "Islamic Salvation Front," the same name as a fundamentalist Algerian group, was issued for the first time Friday in the autonomous Gaza Strip. U.S.-led coalition and Afghan troops clashed with suspected Taliban militants in eastern Afghanistan, leaving seven militants dead, an official said Thursday. Round table talks on the child abuse scandal engulfing the Roman Catholic Church in Pope Benedict XVI's native Germany began on Friday amid criticism that victims are being excluded. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Canada's government pulled out of a conference to promote trade with Iran, protesting a lack of transparency after the death of a Canadian-Iranian photojournalist in Tehran. It is not often that President Bush talks about race relations. But after a recent news conference in which he was twice asked questions on the topic, and with the 50th anniversary of the integration of Little Rock's Central High School in the news, the White House last week The Senate voted Tuesday to end debate on a bill it passed overwhelmingly in March making it tougher for people to erase credit-card and other debt in bankruptcy court. "There is a hope that by Saturday there is a cabinet, which could even take oath before the President," he said.
t5790 A German company is marketing an inflatable rubber doll with the distinctly uncool name of Save-Man to discourage attackers targeting lone women drivers in their cars, a newspaper said Sunday. More than 100 people -- including civilians, police and Taliban militants -- have been killed in massive fighting over three days in southern Afghanistan, Afghan officials said Monday. The killing of Al-Qaeda's top two leaders in Iraq will send shockwaves through the terror network but mid-level commanders must also be removed if attacks are to stop, defence analysts said on Tuesday. Denied a second term in office, Police Chief Bernard Parks said he plans to go on vacation after he announces his future plans Monday. Pope John Paul II's illness and obvious pain has placed suffering and its redemptive powers at the heart of this year's Easter ceremonies, say Christian leaders who this week commemorate Christ's crucifixion. Note: Adapted from Jason Tuley of Square One. Shelled Dungeness crab can be substituted for the red rock crab meat. Red rock crab also can be mail-ordered through the Santa Barbara, Calif., Fish Market, www.sbfish.com. At the restaurant, Tuley uses corno di toro peppers instead of Anaheim peppers. Spanish Skip Kendall fulfilled his father's deathbed wish Thursday, playing in the Greater Milwaukee Open on his home course less than 24 hours after Ralph Kendall died at 77 from complications of a stroke. Three officers from the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) Wednesday were found guilty of obstructing justice in the first trial arising from the biggest police corruption scandal in the history of Los Angeles.
t1175 Croatia and Bosnia-Hercegovina for the first time Monday set up a joint military unit, taking a step towards a confederation between Croatia and the Moslem-Croat federation of Bosnia, state-run Croatian television said. Jordan expressed hope Monday that it will soon resolve the controversy over Jerusalem's Greek Orthodox patriarch and his purported failure to annul an unsanctioned sale of church property to Israel. Results from the third day of the 2.5-million-euro Monte Carlo Masters ATP claycourt tournament on Tuesday (x denotes seeded player): Gunmen in the West Bank killed 11 Palestinians suspected of being informers for Israel on Monday, signaling a crumbling of internal law and order under the pressure of a widening Israeli military offensive. The Philippines military on Thursday criticized Muslims for giving a heroes' burial to 22 inmates killed in a bloody prison uprising, seen by the government as Islamic militants. It happened on a dark night, somewhere in the middle of Book IV. For three years, I had dutifully read the ``Harry Potter'' series to my daughter, my voice growing raspy with the effort, page after page. But lately, whole paragraphs of ``Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire'' The American Academy of Pediatrics says doctors and parents should stop using mercury thermometers, a once-ubiquitous household item that is already on its way to the medical junkyard. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,643.33 points today, up 41. 45 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t7294 The European Nuclear Council, a new continent-wide body to coordinate information and technology, held its first meeting this week, nuclear authorities announced Thursday. A two-headed snake named "We," the main attraction at the World Aquarium in St. Louis, has died after living a surprisingly long eight years. Fierce winds and heavy snow hit China's quake zone on Thursday, state media said, complicating relief work and bringing more misery to survivors camped outside after their homes collapsed. It is going on five months since Margie Dabney, 70 years old and robbed of reason by Alzheimer's disease, was somehow lost at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport. The United States vowed Monday to make a respect for human rights a test of its bilateral relations across the world, but signaled a willingness to temper ideology with realpolitik flexibility. "Giving," Bill Clinton's folksy first-person tour of worthy causes and the good people who support them, is so relentlessly upbeat that only the most churlish professor would say a discouraging word about the book. But the former president is so intent on celebrating 21st-century philanthropy -- and highlighting his Tanzania, South Africa, Romania and Bolivia will serve as test cases for a U.N.-backed initiative to address the gap in technology between richer and poorer countries, officials said Monday. Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji arrived here Thursday to attend summit meetings between ASEAN and China, Japan and South Korea, and between ASEAN and China.
t6645 US Vice President Al Gore said here Tuesday that Washington would fulfill its pledge to forgive Jordan's debts in gratitude for its October peace treaty with Israel. Security should not be a problem at next month's Pan American games despite the ongoing battles between police and drug traffickers that have claimed dozens of lives over the past several months, Rio's mayor said Tuesday. The front pages of Chinese newspapers were bathed in black and the nation's flag lowered to half-mast around the country Wednesday as China began a day of mourning for its quake victims. French political leaders buried their differences on Monday in a bid to present a united front against Jean-Marie Le Pen, the rightist leader whose qualification for the second round of the presidential election has convulsed the country. The Japanese government on Sunday confirmed the nation's 16th case of mad cow disease in a female Holstein raised in the northern island of Hokkaido. Wednesday night, CBS unveiled "Kid Nation," a weekly series that shows 40 kids, ages 8 to 15, spending 40 days on a movie set in New Mexico that looks like a ghost town. They cook, they clean, they run the town's businesses. There are no parents to tell them Freddy Garcia won his fifth straight decision as the Seattle Mariners won their 22nd series of the season with a 3-2 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Saturday. Providing international protection to Palestinians has become a pressing demand in the light of Israel's retaliatory rocket attacks on the Gaza Strip, said the Cairo-base Arab League's (AL) Secretary General Esmat Abdel-Meguid on Tuesday.
t1520 The Italian Senate Monday overwhelmingly approved a supplementary budget presented by Prime Minister Lamberto Dini to cut the government's budget deficit. The House of Commons rejected a motion by Britain's opposition Conservative Party calling for a formal inquiry into the decision to go to war in Iraq. From gunmen storming a nuclear site in South Africa to Russian workers scheming to sell uranium, security breaches in recent years have raised fears about the safety of the world's nuclear material. The first inning of Tuesday's season opener was about everything that has made Hollywood what it is. What transpired the next eight innings for the Los Angeles Dodgers looked more like a Freddy Krueger horror film. President George W. Bush announced Thursday that he had picked Republican lawmaker Rob Portman of Ohio, a close personal friend and key aide to his re-election, to be US trade representative. Al-Qaida has reestablished its central organization, training infrastructure and lines of global communication over the past two years, putting the United States in a ``heightened threat environment'' despite expanded worldwide counterterrorism efforts, according to a new intelligence estimate. Mozart's hometown was the latest European city rocked by antiglobalization activists' so-called Summer of Resistance. Now street fighters, fresh from weekend clashes with riot police, are gearing up for their next target: Genoa, Italy. The U.N. spokesman, Manoel de Almeida e Silva, told a press conference, "The secretary-general did receive a letter this morning from President (Vojislav) Kostunica, where he requests the admission of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia to the United Nations."
t3690 A suspected Moslem militant fired on a bus carrying Japanese tourists in Cairo on Monday wounding the driver, one of the passengers told AFP. American Meghann Shaughnessy reached her first semifinals of the year by beating Hungarian qualifier Agnes Szavay 7-6 (3), 6-4 at the Barcelona KIA Open on Thursday. World leaders grounded by a shutdown of Europe's airspace were forced to skip the funeral of Poland's president although some European guests took to the roads Saturday to make it in time. I don't think I've ever felt more pressure than the day our Western High School golf team was going up against our crosstown rival to decide our district championship. The European Union is to send nearly 160 observers to Ethiopia to monitor general elections in May in what should be the biggest such missions by the bloc, mission chief Ana Gomez said Monday. It was a day of emotional ups and downs for Kursten Byrne as she celebrated her twins' third birthdays recently without the boys' father, a rifle company commander serving in Iraq. Attorney Barry Levin, who helped handle Erik Menendez's murder defense and more recently represented actor Robert Blake, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head, an autopsy showed Sunday. The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce held the inauguration ceremony of the 42nd terms of directors Tuesday evening at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Center.
t2148 German finance minister Theo Waigel said Thursday that the dollar's weakness does not represent any danger to German exports at present, the Bundestag Press Department said in bonn. The U.N. Secretary-General called on Tuesday for an immediate end to Palestinian violence in Gaza and attacks against the Palestinian Authority after calls for a Hamas-Fatah cease-fire went unheeded. Thailand's army Wednesday defended its use of guns during a crackdown in Bangkok at the weekend that left 22 people dead, after video footage showed soldiers aiming assault rifles at protesters. Why join the Army, when these days all the action is in the special forces? Until recently, that question had a good answer: because there was no way round it. The Swiss government will announce Tuesday its position on a takeover bid for Swiss International Air Lines by Lufthansa of Germany, the finance ministry said Friday. Former Durham District Attorney Michael B. Nifong, appearing downcast and contrite, apologized in court Thursday for his aggressive prosecution on rape charges of three former Duke University lacrosse players. He admitted there was ``no credible evidence'' against them. Michael Butler scored on a header in the closing seconds of his MLS debut to give the New York/New Jersey MetroStars a 2-1 victory over Tampa Bay on Wednesday night. China's leading industrial and commercial city of Shanghai has decided to help some local companies join the world's top 500 corporations over the next five years.
t8805 Queensland ended 68 seasons in the cricket wilderness with a victory over South Australia in the Sheffield Shield cricket final here Tuesday. All banks are required to watch out for terrorist financiers, drug lords and money launderers -- but for small banks that can be a big burden. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court, was on Monday declared winner of the country's first multi-party presidential election in over two decades. The ladies of the Guadalupe Society of St. Frances of Rome church had finished serving tamales and tripe soup at their communion breakfast last Sunday when they heard the protesters arrive. A wedding day is always special, but for British couples getting married on Saturday at the Windsor Guildhall, their nuptials had an added sprinkling of second-hand royal glamour. Amid signs that Americans are more skeptical about free trade, President Bush pressed Congress on Friday to act on four commercial pacts with other nations, arguing that they would invigorate the U.S. economy and create jobs. Tiger Woods opened his British Open title defense Thursday with a so-so front nine that included some hacks from the deep rough and a trip into a fairway bunker. Taiyuan in north China and Lanzhou in northwest China reported moderate air pollution Friday, according to a daily air quality report released by the China Environmental Monitoring Center.
t6361 New Zealand cannot stop the current Nigerian government from attending the Commonwealth Heads of Government summit here later this year but it will not give it a warm welcome, Foreign Minister Don McKinnon said in a statement Tuesday. Construction of new homes fell in May as homebuilders in the United States continued to struggle with a steep housing slump that has been exacerbated by rising problems with mortgage defaults. A vulcanologist advising the United Nations said Wednesday that European authorities had no choice but to close much of their airspace last week after a volcanic ash cloud swept in from Iceland. Moments before the puck was dropped Sunday for Game 3 of the Devils' first-round playoff series with the Carolina Hurricanes, two fans in Section 241 of Continental Arena unfurled a banner that read ``We Believe.'' Four US soldiers were killed in a mine blast in the southeastern Afghan province of Logar on Saturday morning, the US military said. "I grab things off the top of my head and run with 'em," she often said. "I can't tell you no more. I just do it." Mark Buehrle pitched eight strong innings and the White Sox homered twice while taking advantage of Kerry Wood's wildness to beat the Cubs 7-2 Friday. Leaders from Latin American countries, Spain and Portugal Saturday committed themselves to fighting against child poverty and terrorism in the region.
t135 In Tokyo earlier, French Economy Minister Edmond Alphandery had said he was "optimistic" about the "march of (European) economic and monetary union" (EMU). Special Olympics officials say the program is not attracting as many athletes and volunteers in big cities as it does in smaller places. They are testing a new strategy in New York that could serve as an example for other big cities, like Los Angeles or Mexico City. The plane crash that killed Polish President Lech Kaczynski and scores of top officials is stunning in its irony, taking place in an area of Russia long known as a graveyard for Poland's elite. In what the defense called ``a bittersweet victory,'' a judge followed a jury's recommendation Wednesday and sentenced a one-time British millionaire to life in prison for double murder, taking him off Florida's death row after 16 years. Kurdish, Shiite and Sunni politicians laboured Tuesday to reach a deal on a national unity government, with less than 24 hours to go before the historic first session of Iraq's newly elected parliament. The White House, citing executive privilege, rejected congressional subpoenas Thursday regarding the firings of seven U.S. attorneys late last year, and signaled it intended a similar fight to withhold information about the National Security Agency's warrantless eavesdropping program. With the threat of an imminent breakup removed, emboldened Microsoft Corp. executives will waste no time getting back to business as usual _ and that means bundling more services than ever into their new desktop operating system. Shenzhen Composite Index closed at 602.25 points today, up 9.63 points or 1.62 percent compared with last close. The sub-index closed at 4,611.98 points, which was up 97.83 points or 2.17 percent from last close.
t7797 Russia is to present its own security model for a new, unified Europe soon, Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev said Friday after talks with OSCE president Laszlo Kovacs, Hungary's Foreign Minister, and Prime Minister Gyula Horn. Iran on Thursday dismissed claims by the United States that its government was arming Taliban rebels in Afghanistan, the official IRNA news agency reported. A metal sign reads: "Warning! The glacier can be dangerous." A rumbling growl from under the mountains speaks far louder. Jeffrey R. Anderson has made a lot of money suing the Roman Catholic Church, and he has the hate mail to prove it. At least two people were killed, a French national and an US citizen, in a bomb attack on one of Cairo's main tourist areas Thursday that wounded 10 others, a health ministry official said, revising down an earlier death toll. T here's also plenty of hard copy out there to whet the appetite of hard-core followers of the nation's pastime, the NFL and other games people play. Hector Lopez can bring his current uniform when the 1961 New York Yankees are honored on Old-Timers Day Saturday at Yankee Stadium. Some 20 million yuan (about 2. 4 million U.S. dollars) will be spent to repair tombs of Jingjiang Kingdom, one of 25 vassal states of the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644).
t5536 Rebel troops and government soldiers Saturday battled for control of a strategically-important bridge 50 kilometres (30 miles) to the east of Freetown and opening up the route towards the city. A tiger was run over by a train in a rare accident in eastern India, a top forest official said Monday. A Chinese company, Honbridge Holdings, has bought an iron ore exploratory mining outfit from Brazil's Votorantim group for 390 million dollars, the company and press reports said Tuesday. Whenever I get an iron in my hands, my first instinct is to be aggressive. The irons are the true offensive weapons in golf. Chile's Supreme Court on Thursday threw out a petition to strip ex-dictator Augusto Pinochet of his immunity as a former president, derailing his possible trial for the killing in Argentina of Chilean General Carlos Prats. Lead author Esther Hermann of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, said the research showed humans had distinctive abilities to understand nonverbal communication, imitate another's solution to a problem, and to read the intentions of others. These skills were necessary for people to acquire mathematics Federal authorities have opened an initial criminal inquiry into whether Rep. Gary Condit obstructed justice or encouraged perjury in the investigation of Chandra Levy's disappearance, law enforcement officials said Thursday. Despite the threat of impeachment hanging over his head, Philippine President Joseph Estrada left for Brunei Wednesday morning to attend the 8th Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders' meeting.
t9362 The collapse of the dollar to all-time lows against the yen and the mark does not mean it will lose its status as the world's number one reserve currency, at least in the foreseeable future, analysts here said Wednesday. Kurds bought sheep to slaughter in celebration and stockpiled generator fuel to keep televisions working for Sunday's verdict against Saddam Hussein's cousin, known as Chemical Ali, and others accused in a 1980s crackdown against them. Moody's investor service on Tuesday confirmed a modest rating for Dubai's giant developer Emaar Properties with a negative outlook on concerns over unsold units and refinancing risks. If there was a form of government that produced autocrats who sponsored terrorism, stole millions of dollars while impoverishing their citizens, shredded public education and health, permitted child bondage, tortured dissidents and tolerated pogroms against minorities, then we would all condemn it. Except that in South Asia such a Japan's current account surplus slipped slightly in February, official figures showed Monday, as exports -- particularly to China -- cooled down but Japanese firms still cashed in through active investment overseas. Lt. Col. Jeffrey Chessani, a former battalion commander, will face a court-martial on charges of dereliction of duty and failing to obey a direct order in not ordering a full-scale investigation into whether the killings constituted a war crime. Trisha Fallon hit a high-arching layup in the final second, sending the Phoenix Mercury to a 60-58 victory over the Portland Fire on Thursday night. Iran and Egypt should restore diplomatic relations as soon as possible, as postponement of relations "is not beneficial" to either side, an Egyptian official said here on Monday.
t5644 More than eight out of ten French people enjoy or claimed to have enjoyed a fulfilling sex life, a poll published in a French Sunday newspaper says. A Croatian war crimes suspect arrested in Norway last year can be extradited to Serbia to face charges of committing atrocities during the Balkan wars in 1991, a Norwegian court ruled Monday. Fiat chairman Luca Cordero di Montezemolo is stepping down after seven years piloting the Italian industrial giant through tough times, the company said on Tuesday. Summerlike warmth will blanket much of the East for one last consecutive day on Friday. Temperatures will average 20 degrees above normal from the Southeast to southern New England. A line of thunderstorms will erupt over the interior Northeast Friday afternoon. Damaging winds will accompany some of the storms A new leader appeared to have emerged Thursday among Kyrgyzstan's divided opposition after opponents of veteran President Askar Akayev overran the government's main seat of power in the capital. U.S. District Judge William M. Hoeveler rejected arguments that Noriega's status as a prisoner of war would be violated under the judicial system in France, where he would be tried as a common criminal. The shopkeeper adds up her receipts on a dusty black calculator as she dares to say what Chinese leaders don't want anyone to hear: She doesn't want the 2008 Olympics in Beijing. Sao Tome and Principe and Nigeria will hopefully sign in December the final accord on joint petroleum exploration in the disputed sea areas between them, said Foreign Minister of Sao Tome and Principe Rafael Branco in the country's capital Sao Tome Thursday.
t9611 President Bill Clinton has ordered an probe into an alleged CIA coverup of the murders of an American innkeeper and a guerrilla leader in Guatemala, a senior White House official said. The appointment of New Orleans' first inspector general is the latest in a list of government reforms since Hurricane Katrina -- one some observers say reflects the waning of the public's long-standing tolerance of political corruption and waste. A top Hamas leader has come out against a cartoon posted on the website of the group's armed wing that implied a captured Israeli soldier may die in its custody. Paul G. Allen, a co-founder of Microsoft who is chairman of Charter Communications, has sold the last of his stake in USA Networks, the company said Friday. Allen sold nearly 20 million shares for $28.50 a share on May 2, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Brian O'Driscoll was named Monday Ireland's first Lions captain for 22 years when Clive Woodward unveiled his 44-man British and Irish Lions squad to tour New Zealand this summer. But as the top two candidates tap the excitement among Democrats over the prospects of a female or black president, a difficult question is confronting the field's No. 3 contender, John Edwards: What is a white man to do? The blown-out windows and trees stripped of leaves and branches in the middle of summer are signs that something terrible happened in this northern Chinese village. Pakistan's Foreign Minister Abdul Sattar on Tuesday termed Indian Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee's offer of extending cease-fire beyond one month as half- step, the Associated Press of Pakistan (APP) reported.
t1033 Police were deployed in a south Indian village on Monday to stop Hindus from taking part in a centuries-old festival requiring them to walk in the nude, following protests by reformers. The wife of a Chinese dissident was detained at the airport by security agents Monday and barred from leaving the country to attend a human rights meeting in Switzerland, the activist said. As soon as they heard Poland's late president and his wife would lie in state, teenager Tomasz Pytko and two high-school friends hit the road, hitchhiking 10 hours to reach Warsaw. John Story wanted to buy his daughter a new flute, but dropping $800 didn't exactly bring music to his ears. So he went used-flute shopping instead. The Labour government's new budget was viewed by many commentators Thursday as likely to please British voters in upcoming general elections without risking charges it was irrresponsibly lavish. Three top U.S. intelligence officials said Wednesday that a resurgent al-Qaida had stepped up training and worldwide operations from safe havens in Pakistan, a development they worry could lead to ambitious new attacks. A medical school's policy of allowing married students _ but not homosexual partners _ to share college housing may violate New York City anti-discrimination statutes, the state's highest court ruled Monday. The Czech Forced Laborers Union Wednesday praised the signing of an agreement by Czech and Austrian officials the day before, under which Austria will compensate wartime victims of Nazi forced labor.
t7524 Some 42 Buddhist pilgrims drowned after their overloaded boat capsized on a reservoir in southern China, a report said on Friday. BlackBerry handheld computers, or "Le BlackBerry" as they are known here, have been called addictive, invasive, tiresome for thumbs -- and, now, a threat to French secrets. Greece's key tourism sector was hit by the global economic crisis with the number of foreign visitors last year falling to 14.9 million, a 6.4 percent drop, the Greek statistical agency Esa said Friday. President Vicente Fox told Cox Newspapers Thursday that a blistering attack on him by Cuban leader Fidel Castro this week is proof that Fox is leading Mexico through profound change. A huge earthquake left several thousand people feared dead on an island off northwest Indonesia Tuesday and triggered tsunami alerts which caused panic across the Indian Ocean. Bill Clinton is showing no inclination to disclose the names of the people whose sizable donations helped construct his $165 million presidential library. When Tom Lehman won his only major championship at the British Open five years ago, the best defense Royal Lytham &amp; St. Annes had to offer were the deep bunkers that litter the course. The installed generating capacity of China's small hydropower stations exceeds 30 million kilowatts, accounting for over 40 percent of the country's total generating capacity of hydropower stations. The small hydropower stations generate over 100 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity annually for one-quarter of China's counties, where one-third of China's total
t8274 Officials in Uzbekistan said Sunday that voters had flocked to the polls in a referendum called by Islam Karimov, president and former Communist Party leader of the Central Asian republic, in order to extend his own mandate until the year 2000. U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates says he does not anticipate extending U.S. troop deployments in Iraq beyond 15 months, which he called a "worst-case scenario" for the Pentagon. France's Finance Minister Christine Lagarde urged EU countries on Sunday to show "firmness" and vigilance in helping Greece out of its budget crisis. At 8 on ABC, it's a two-hour salute to a show and a man _ a man whose uncanny youthfulness makes you wonder. Yes, it's ``American Bandstand's 50th ... A Celebration,'' with Dick Clark. The show began in Philadelphia in 1952. Clark was the host by the time it Israeli President Moshe Katzav shook the hand of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and spoke in Persian with Iranian President Mohammad Khatami Friday at the pope's funeral, public radio reported. Bishop Robert Brom of the San Diego Diocese is asking priests and parishioners to dig into their pocketbooks to help pay a $198 million settlement for the victims of clergy abuse -- a request that has drawn a pledge of solidarity from many priests but a negative response from Roger Clemens started the first game of a doubleheader for the New York Yankees against the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday in place of Adrian Hernandez, who was ill. The Ethiopian government is targeting at a 44 percent contraceptive prevalence rate in the country by 2015 in a bid to bring down the too fast population growth, the Daily Monitor newspaper reported here on Wednesday.
t329 Employees of the Moscow public prosecutor's office warned here Friday that the sacking of their boss by President Boris Yeltsin would hinder rather than help the fight against organised crime. Five soldiers were killed and 15 others wounded in clashes Saturday between the Lebanese army and Fatah Islam fighters putting up a stiff resistance from their hideouts inside a Palestinian refugee camp. Angry interim Celtic manager Neil Lennon said his players were "not good enough" after their shock 2-0 defeat to second-tier Ross County in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden. As the Middle East descended into violence over the last 18 months, a frequent complaint echoed from Arab nations and around the world: The Bush administration should be making a more aggressive play for peace. India and the United States called jointly Wednesday for a return to multi-party democracy in Nepal, saying the seizure of power in the Himalayan outpost by King Gyanendra was a "setback" for the region. As the Bush presidency implodes, some of its worst policies mercifully will go, too -- including, we can hope, the torture and unregulated detention of alleged enemy fighters that have so discredited the country throughout the world. Jae Kingi scored a career-high 25 points and had two steals in the final minute as the Detroit Shock snapped a six-game losing streak with a 75-71 victory over the Phoenix Mercury on Friday night. Sheikh Hasina told reporters after her talk with President Clinton on Thursday that the Oval Office talks were "very fruitful, very cordial" and covered a wide range of issues.
t2900 Troops loyal to Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani made spectacular gains in Kabul Saturday breaking through positions held by the newly emerged Taliban militants and the Shiite Wahdat forces. A man convicted of the rape and strangling of a 15-year-old Texas girl -- whose fingertips were sliced off with gardening shears in an attempt to hide DNA evidence-- had his death sentence reversed Wednesday by a sharply divided Texas Court of Criminal Appeals. The violent storm that killed 116 and left hundreds of thousands homeless in northeast India and Bangladesh was a tornado that took forecasters by surprise, weather officials said Thursday. It's been 75 years since Zora Neale Hurston first visited a sawmill in Polk County, Fla., to collect folk stories. Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz said Sunday that Israel would begin to hand over security control to the Palestinian Authority (PA) in the northern West Bank city of Tulkarem from Monday. Wall Street will be looking for any help it can find this week to stop its summer swoon from becoming something much worse. The Red Cross faces greater humanitarian demands than at any time since World War II, a growing lack of security for those it seeks to protect as well as for its own workers and a worrisome budget deficit, the group said Friday. JOHANNESBURG, November 3 (Xinhua) -- The South African parliament Friday approved the Revenue Laws Amendment Bill, which seeks to shift South Africa from a source to a residence-based tax system.
t7711 A coalition of non-governmental organisations Friday vowed to continue to fight for freedom of expression after a wave of alleged government intimidation and harassment in recent weeks. Elephants have unearthed at least seven fresh human graves in eastern India, upsetting the nearby Muslim community and puzzling forestry officials. Super League champions Leeds Rhinos could be in line for an surprise cash bonus of 50,000 pounds (77,000 US dollars) as a result of the salary cap scandal engulfing the Melbourne Storm. In less than two hours that Tuesday morning last September _ the time it took for two symbols of U.S. commerce to collapse _ the American workplace changed forever. And not just in the physical realm. Hong Kong gold prices opened Thursday lower at 425.60-426.10 US dollars an ounce compared to Wednesday's close of 426.10-426.60 dollars an ounce. But Frank and Arthur don't hold a candle to Stiller's latest patriarch, Doc, in Bobby and Peter Farrelly's comedy "The Heartbreak Kid," which opens Friday. Katharine Graham, who deftly steered The Washington Post through the tumult of the Pentagon papers and Watergate and built it into a leading force in American journalism, died Tuesday. She was 84. The African women championship final between hosts South Africa and Nigeria was forced to be abandoned in the second half by a riot at the Vosloorus Stadium near Johannesburg on Saturday.
t2775 Sri Lankan captain Arjuna Ranatunga scored a half century to help his team to a very modest 137 for seven wickets at tea on the first day of the first test against New Zealand here Saturday. Ed Gillespie, a high-dollar Washington lobbyist and longtime trusted aide-de-camp for President George W. Bush and the Republican Party, is replacing Dan Bartlett as White House counselor in the president's inner circle. President Barack Obama hit back at claims the United States had stalled in Afghanistan and vowed foreign forces would not be needed "in perpetuity", in a rare Australian TV interview aired on Thursday. Britain's Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, a figure beloved for her courage and common touch, died in her sleep on March 30. At age 101, she was an endearing symbol of royal tradition whose popularity transcended both age and class. Her funeral will be held April 9 at Westminster A suicide attack was carried out Sunday in an administrative building in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, causing casualties, police said. It's impossible to watch ``El Cantante,'' about the late salsa singer Hector Lavoe and his indomitable wife, Puchi, without reflecting on the movie's associations with the life of superstar Marc Anthony and his wife, Jennifer Lopez. Federated Department Stores Inc. on Thursday reduced its second-quarter earnings estimates by more than one-third, blaming slow sales at its stores. General Motors, the world's largest automaker, Wednesday reported its first year-over-year jump in sales since April due to hefty incentives to boost its sluggish Oldsmobile brand and to clear out aging 2000 model vehicles across several brands, according to reports from the company.
t7638 Some 65,000 Rwandan pupils sat their graduation exams for secondary school this week with the test papers set in four languages: Kinyarwanda, French, English and Swahili. Sammy Sosa became the fifth member of the 600-homer club Wednesday, hitting a solo shot in the fifth inning of Texas' 7-3 victory over the Chicago Cubs, his former team. The lawyer for a French Muslim woman fined for driving while wearing a full-face veil accused police on Friday of abusing her human rights, as the government pushes to ban the garment. Once again Argentina is staring at an economic and political abyss _ and this time it seems likely to fall into it. A dam ruptured in southern Afghanistan early Tuesday, unleashing floods which killed at least six people and washed away hundreds of houses and shops, the provincial governor said. a Casey Kasem-y thing with musicians, not critics, picking the rankings. In 1998, VH1 premiered "100 Greatest Artists of Rock &amp; Roll": a five-part series going from No. 100 Paul Simon to the list-topping Beatles, with everyone from Nirvana (No. 42) to Gladys Knight &amp; the Pips (91) in Lenny Krayzelburg and Gary Hall Jr. are just two of the Olympic swimming champions who are skipping the World Championships. Filipinos will enjoy mandatory fortified food as a bill establishing the National Food Fortification Program has been signed into law.
t6961 Norway Wednesday agreed to provide Pakistan with 6.5 million dollars in grant assistance for projects related to the environment, education and rural electrification, officials said. Nigeria's powerful labor unions launched a general strike Wednesday to protest government price hikes, leaving many schools and banks shuttered and normally bustling streets quieter in Africa's oil giant. Nigerian security agents are still searching for two Germans kidnapped at the weekend in the southeastern state of Abia, a police spokesman said on Thursday. A suspicious- looking elephant wearing old- fashioned pilot's goggles, a leather jacket and a supercharged rocket pack on its back appeared in downtown Washington Tuesday, but local officials in a capital city where security is king appeared serenely unconcerned. Makers of Thailand's Singha beer, Boonrawd Brewery, will set up their first overseas representative office in Canada to try and tap the North American market, a senior company official said in remarks published Monday. Criticism of the way the U.S. is handling Iraqi refugees has been growing since the publication this week of a cable by Ryan Crocker, the U.S. ambassador to Iraq, charging that the Department of Homeland Security wasn't processing Iraqi visas quickly enough. Mexican President Vicente Fox continued his five-day visit to the United States Sunday by visiting a largely Mexican-American neighborhood where Mariachi bands blared and thousands of people waved flags from both countries. The drafts on the amendments to China's Copyright Law and Trademark Law were passed in principle at the 33rd executive meeting of the State Council Wednesday.
t4328 The Bundesbank withdrew a net sum of 6.1 billion marks (4.3 billion dollars) at an unchanged fixed rate of 4.85 percent under a 14-day repurchase arrangement on Wednesday. Five U.S. soldiers died in Iraq, the U.S. military announced Friday, a day after extremists fired shells into Baghdad's Green Zone during a visit by the U.S. State Department's No. 2 official. A cloud of volcanic ash tightened its grip on Europe's skies on Sunday, but amid a fourth day of global travel misery airlines carried out test flights and pressed for passenger jets to fly again. A bitter fight in Thailand between the government and the press reached a high point recently when a cable station suddenly went off the air, cutting off a critic of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra in midsentence. The Federal Reserve raised US interest rates by a quarter-point Tuesday to take the headline federal funds rate to 2.75 percent, but said its policy stance remains "accommodative." Los Angeles Times-Washington Post ALL-SPORTS! budget for papers of Thursday, Aug. 23, 2007. For questions about stories, the editors are Stan Roberts and Blake Hennon at (800) 283-NEWS, ext. 77834 or (213) 237-7834 until 2 a.m. EDT. Basketball: BK-VENEZUELA-USA -- LAS VEGAS -- The United States, sending to the Chinese President Jiang Zemin said on Tuesday that ties between Beijing and Washington are improving and that he is ``optimistic about the future of Chinese-U.S. relations.'' Indonesia is ready to contribute to a peacekeeping force in the Middle East, in an apparent show of its concrete support for Palestine, if such a force is requested by the United Nations Security Council, a senior official said.
t1667 The French franc fell to a record low point against the mark on Wednesday and the Bank of France was forced to increase its key rate by two points to 8.0 percent as global currency turmoil intensified. The family that owns the key stake in Australia's Multiplex building group has backed a US$6.1 billion (euro4.57 billion) takeover offer from Canadian property manager Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Oscar-winning actress Kate Winslet threw her weight Wednesday behind a campaign against foie gras, narrating a video which she said shows the "terrifying and painful" way the food is produced. President Bush will receive a multiyear plan for homeland security by July 1, the director of that office said Wednesday. Pop diva Janet Jackson on Thursday won a restraining order against a man who she claims has harassed and stalked her across the United States for nine years. Zoe Cassavetes honorably carries on the family tradition of spontaneous, improvisatory comic drama in ``Broken English,'' a downbeat romantic comedy starring Parker Posey. Like her dad, John, Cassavetes proves fluent in using filmmaking technology (in this case, high-definition video) in the service of intimate, often painfully funny storytelling. The Pentagon on Tuesday left open the possibility of junking the Navy surveillance plane which is being flown home in pieces three months after colliding with a Chinese fighter jet. Australian Prime Minister John Howard is departing for Kiribati to attend the Pacific Island Forum meeting, the Australian Associated Press reported Friday.
t2928 Heavy rains and high winds pounded northern California Saturday in a third day of storms that have killed at least one person, left seven missing and forced thousands to evacuate. A weekend shooting that left six people dead in a Wisonsin apartment, including twin baby boys, was a murder-suicide committed by the father of the children, police said Wednesday. Oil prices extended gains in Asian trade Thursday, boosted by improving demand and strong company earnings results in the United States, the world's biggest energy user, analysts said. IBM, the world's largest computer maker, warned on Monday that its sales and earnings for the first three months of this year would fall well below Wall Street's estimates. The announcement knocked more than 10 percent off IBM's stock price, and undermined hopes that the economy might soon get Seven people were killed Sunday when a fire followed by an explosion destroyed a factory making plastic articles in Ivory Coast's economic capital Abidjan, officials said. On nearly any hot, hazy Long Island summer morning, thousands of landscapers are mowing residential lawns, trimming and edging with high-tech power equipment, providing clients with what amounts to a horticultural manicure. Ariel Sharon returned Friday from a two-day European trip _ his first as prime minister _ that highlighted differences with France and Germany over a series of issues, including Israel's policy of targeted killings of suspected Palestinian militants. Policy makers from China's west finished Friday an "education class" on environmental protection with the close of a five-day international forum on policies enhancing sustainable development.
t9924 BASF has bought Boots Pharmaceutical Plc for 840 million pounds (1.34 billion dollars) with effect from Saturday, BASF said on Friday. Tony Blair will meet with California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger on Tuesday to discuss climate change in his final meeting with a foreign official before he steps down as Britain's prime minister, his spokesman said. European shares tumbled and the euro sank to a new one-year low against the dollar on Wednesday after Spain was hit by a credit downgrade, fuelling fears of a widening eurozone debt crisis. Three botched extra points, including one with 0.2 seconds remaining, proved to be costly to the Desperados in their first home game, as the Los Angeles Avengers edged the Desperados 52-51 before a crowd of 15,196, the fourth-largest crowd in AFL history. UN ambassador-designate John Bolton vowed Monday to work in "close partnership" at the United Nations, but encountered withering cross-examination from Democratic lawmakers critical of his past scornful statements about the world body. Yielding to fierce diplomatic and political pressure, congressional sponsors of an Armenian genocide resolution abruptly put off a vote on the measure Thursday and defused a mounting confrontation with Turkey that was threatening to hamper the U.S. war effort in Iraq. Manny Ramirez homered twice and drove in four runs, and Jose Offerman added a three-run shot as the Boston Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 7-2 Friday night. Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen on Thursday expressed his appreciation for the role played by the U.N. Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) in restoring and preserving the ancient temples in the country, mostly in the northern province of Siem Reap.
t3786 A small commercial airline company has awarded a lifetime of free flights to two men who stopped another from setting a fire aboard one of its planes, an official said Tuesday. The U.S. government cannot pull housing aid from hurricane victims before they have a chance to appeal, according to a federal judge who also criticized the agency for its "cavalier" attitude toward evacuees. Millions of people faced worsening travel chaos Saturday as a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland moved further south and east, forcing European countries to extend flight bans into next week. The Barnett Newman retrospective at the Philadelphia Museum of Art makes such an eloquent argument for Newman's radical and almost ludicrously ambitious achievement that it should help to dispel any knee-jerk impulse you have to reject it or him. China's booming economic miracle is expanding at a highly unsustainable rate, creating tremendous pressures on resources while bankrupting the environment, a leading environmentalist said Tuesday. Q: I set my Web browser to remember my bank user name and password, but it won't type them in for me. Is something wrong with my browser? The world's richest nations must get over their fear of genetically engineered food if they want to help eradicate poverty in the world's poorest, a United Nations report says. Following are the standings of National Basketball Association teams after Monday's games ( tabulated under wins, losses, winning percentage, games behind first place):
t6761 The OJ Simpson trial got a needed change of pace this week with aspiring actor Brian "Kato" Kaelin taking the witness stand and defense lawyers again challenging the admissability of DNA evidence. A militant abortion opponent already serving 25 years to life for murdering a New York state doctor who performed abortions was sentenced to another life term in prison on federal charges. The US Senate on Thursday set the stage for holding a key test vote next week on US President Barack Obama's drive to rein in Wall Street and prevent a repeat of the 2008 global financial meltdown. I try to design stuff that is 'in' indefinitely, not for a year.'' -What's passe in today's designs?: Anything themed; VIP areas where you can't be seen. It's all about showing rpt in this city. -What does he avoid in designs?: ``Clients who think they're designers.'' -What about the Though he struggled with all his might, a suffering Pope John Paul II failed to voice a traditional Easter Sunday blessing for the first time in his 26-year pontificate, in a poignant appearance at his apartment window overlooking a rain-dampened St Peter's Square. In 1975, Robert Klein stood on stage at Haverford College and cursed like a pirate whose rum drawer had been raided. To help the leaders of India and Pakistan ease five decades of animosity, chefs dropped crushed pearl, coral and mica into a mood-elevating meal laced with the elixir of Ayurveda, the ancient Indian system of medicine. Six Russian servicemen were killed and 11 others wounded in rebels' shelling and shooting attacks on federal positions in breakaway Chechnya on Monday.
t1380 The 28-year-old trader who allegedly brought about the collapse of Barings, Britain's oldest merchant bank, "fears for his life" if he is extradited to Singapore, publicist Max Clifford said Tuesday. Apple Inc. launched a version of its Safari Web browser for Windows-based PCs on Monday, pitting it against Microsoft Corp.'s dominant Internet Explorer and Mozilla's Firefox. Millions of Hindu pilgrims gathered on the banks of India's Ganges river on Tuesday ready to plunge into the holy waters at the climax of the world's largest religious festival. Starting this fall, entering undergraduate nursing students at the Austin campus will have to complete a three semester-credit hour Spanish course to earn their degrees. The course will emphasize medical terminology and Hispanic culture, and will be required even if students speak Spanish or have already completed other Spanish Pakistan's century-makers Younis Khan and Yousuf Youhana on Thursday vowed to keep India under pressure in the second Test here, saying their task was not finished yet. A massive truck bomb followed by two smaller blasts ravaged Kirkuk on Monday, police said, killing more than 80 people in the deadliest attack in the troubled northern Iraqi city since the war began. On ordinary days, a few hundred fans flock to Jim Morrison's grave in eastern Paris, leaving behind flowers and poetic scrawled messages. The 2000 China Small Commodities Fair opened today in Yiwu, the country's largest small commodities production and distribution center in the eastern coastal province of Zhejiang.
t3510 Cathay Pacific Airways Monday hinted it might take an equity stake in one of China's state airlines, as it reported a 4.1 percent increase in net profits last year. Andy Roddick benefited from the replay system at Queen's Club on Thursday, then held on to beat Alex Bogdanovic of Britain 4-6, 7-6 (5), 6-4 in the third round of the Wimbledon warm-up tournament. Finnish security guards and airport security staff walked off the job Friday morning after talks to resolve a labour dispute broke down without agreement overnight, their union said. The most coveted garment in golf is made of wool and polyester, costs about $250 and is given its own gaudy shade of green. The flamboyant auto innovator John DeLorean, best known for the futuristic gull-winged sports car that carried his name, has died in hospital in New Jersey. He was 80. The news was shocking: On Aug. 2, journalist Chauncey Bailey, the 57-year-old editor of the Oakland Post, a black weekly in Oakland, Calif., was ambushed and shot to death as he investigated the bizarre world of a notorious local Black Muslim bakery. Israeli troops and Palestinian gunmen battled Sunday in the southern Gaza Strip, while nearby, hundreds of Palestinians vowed revenge at the funeral of an 11-year-old boy shot and killed a day earlier. The Shenzhen Composite Index went up 0.43 percent to 614.03 points Monday, while the Sub-index rose to 4,646.26 points from its previous close.
t7371 The World Trade Organisation Thursday gave the green light to the appointment of Renato Ruggiero as its first director general after haggling to the last minute over deputy posts. Former Premier Silvio Berlusconi formally complained to Italy's president Wednesday about what he called the "profound crisis of legitimacy" of Premier Romano Prodi's government, but stopped short of requesting early elections. The United States is "deeply concerned" about three American hikers held in Iran since July, the White House said Friday amid reports they were in poor health and considering a hunger strike. The Boston medical establishment is breathing a sigh of relief that it seems to have escaped Animal Liberation Week _ this week _ unscathed. It may sound like a joke, but the actions of the latter-day antivivisectionists are taken very seriously around here. Hospitals and biotech companies have invested There is a "100 percent" chance of a tsunami threatening Indian Ocean nations following a massive 8.7 magnitude quake off the coast of Indonesia, a US seismologist said Monday. Personal: Lives in Fallston, Md., with her husband, Jonathan, a video-game designer; son Will, 4; and daughter Millie May, 3 months. Although Ray Lankford insists it's just a coincidence, he's been a lot more productive since the St. Louis Cardinals changed batting coaches. World number four and home favorite Magnus Norman demolished Christian Ruud of Norway 6-1, 6- 2 in the first round of the Stockholm Open on Wednesday.
t7220 Interior Minister Charles Pasqua was enmeshed in a new controversy threatening to embarrass presidential candidate Edouard Balladur Thursday over a report that France supplied arms to Iran last year in a secret deal over a terrorist trial. Iran has rejected an offer by the Unites States for the Persian nation's Olympic athletes to train in America, the official Islamic Republic News agency reported on Wednesday. Several airports in southern and northern Sweden and southwestern Norway were closed on Thursday due to the return of volcanic ash, air traffic authorities said. The Boston Archdiocese said Wednesday it was embarrassed to disclose it has discovered additional records in the case of the Rev. Paul R. Shanley showing that church officials knew Shanley had advocated sex between men and boys yet allowed him to continue working as a parish priest. The Islamist fundamentalist movement Hamas is ready to join the Palestine Liberation Organisation, which groups together all the major Palestinian factions, one of its main leaders said Monday. The Department of Agriculture is rarely in the headlines these days, but when Secretary Mike Johanns stepped down last week, he listed a range of projects that span the agency's broad reach, from preparing for an outbreak of a highly pathogenic strain of avian influenza to developing an online A gunman stormed into an abortion clinic Monday, pulled a rifle out of a bag and shot and killed a security guard as an anti-abortion group held a prayer vigil outside, police said. A Belgian suspected of trafficking in beef died during a routine slimming operation and an autopsy has been ordered, local weekly the Bulletin reported on Thursday.
t7734 In a political windfall for President Alberto Fujimori, the police here have dealt another crippling blow to the Shining Path with the arrest of a top rebel leader just three weeks before presidential elections. Japan and China will hold talks on disputed exploration right to undersea gas deposits in the East China Sea next week in Tokyo, Japanese Foreign Ministry said Thursday. The embattled Melbourne Storm face exclusion from next year's Australian National Rugby League competition if they cannot get their books in order, NRL chief David Gallop warned on Friday. Barbara Grizzuti Harrison, who emerged as a popular, prolific writer of keenly observed nonfiction with a 1978 book about the dozen years she spent as a Jehovah's Witness, died on Wednesday at a hospice in Manhattan. She was 67 and lived in Brooklyn, N.Y. New Zealand pace bowler James Franklin ripped through the Sri Lankan tail order to have the visitors all out for 498, 63 runs short of New Zealand's first innings total on the fourth day of the first cricket Test at McLean Park here Thursday. Mexico's crackdown on drug cartels and stepped-up U.S. border enforcement have disrupted the flow of illegal drugs and caused cocaine supply shortages in 37 U.S. cities, according to a report scheduled for release Tuesday by the White House drug policy office. A Czech government official rejected a call from Germany on Tuesday to close the Temelin nuclear power plant near the border with Austria and Germany. The Philippine government declared a "state of alert" Sunday in anticipation of possible violence arising from next week's protests by various groups pressing for the resignation of President Joseph Estrada.
t3240 Swiss voters narrowly rejected Sunday a government proposal to cut state aid to the country's agricultural sector -- the most subsidised in the world, official results showed. Fiji's military ruler said Thursday he was expelling New Zealand's top diplomat, sending already strained relations between the South Pacific nation and its two biggest neighbors spiraling even lower. Finland's national carrier Finnair said that halted flights due to dust from a volcano eruption in Iceland would cost it two million euros (2.7 million dollars) per day. In a battle that has opened a deep racial divide here, the civilian police commission of Los Angeles voted overwhelmingly Tuesday to deny a second five-year term to Chief Bernard C. Parks. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice left China Monday after two days of talks focused on North Korea, concluding her first tour of Asian nations since taking office in January. Petra Spithost of the Netherlands now has 16,860 members in her online family tree. One of them is Pim, her 7-year-old son. Another is St. Arnulf of Metz, an influential 6th-century Frankish bishop (and, importantly, the patron saint of brewing). And a third is the reigning queen of Holland, Heavy winds sent a huge tree crashing down on spectators at a Yiddish music concert, killing 11 people and injuring 85 others, 17 of them seriously. Atletico Madrid club president Jesus Gil announced on Friday that the club had appointed former Portuguese international Paolo Futre as their new sporting director.
t1374 The Rangoon junta has contracted three foreign oil firms, including US giant Texaco, to expand gas exploration off the coast of Tenasserim, state-run media reported on Tuesday. The Bush administration cannot use new anti-terrorism laws to keep U.S. residents locked up indefinitely without charging them, a divided federal appeals court ruled Monday. Pakistan face an anxious wait to know whether Twenty20 expert Umar Gul will be fit for the World Twenty20 as the team manager expressed hope Tuesday that the fast bowler can play. In a day of expanding Israeli military raids on Palestinian cities, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon suggested that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat could take a ``one-way ticket'' to exile. He said world leaders concerned about Arafat, who is surrounded by Israeli troops occupying his Ramallah compound for the fifth day, Turkey's military activity in the Aegean Sea constitutes an "obstacle" to the normalisation of Greek-Turkish relations, Greece's foreign ministry said Thursday. Sen. David Vitter, R-La., ended a week of seclusion Monday to say he'll return to work in Washington, ending speculation that the Republican would resign after his telephone number appeared last week in the records of an alleged Washington prostitution ring. Slobodan Milosevic walked into a U.N. tribunal courtroom Tuesday without lawyers to represent him against charges of war crimes against ethnic Albanians in Kosovo in 1999. Japan's House of Representatives (lower house) enacted a controversial bill on Thursday to revise the electoral system of the House of Councilors, or the upper house of parliament.
t5188 Yasser Arafat's mainstream Fatah movement met here Friday in the absence of one of the PLO leader's critics after bitter exchanges between the two men, Palestinian officials said. Dozens of military aircraft flew over Buckingham Palace on Sunday as Britain marked the 25th anniversary of the end of the Falklands War. Swiss authorities said Monday an altitude limit for planes overflying the country has been lowered to 6,400 metres as the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland has settled below this level. Speculation is that University of Texas cornerback Quentin Jammer and Oklahoma safety Roy Williams are the names targeted. Both fit Jones' criteria as impact players who can start as rookies and immediately improve the team. Australia's ANZ bank said Thursday it had agreed to buy a 10 percent stake in Vietnam's Sacombank for 27 million US dollars as it continues its expansion into Asia. The report in the journal Archives of General Psychiatry said bipolar disorder was found in 1,003 of every 100,000 office visits from children and adolescents in 2002-03 , compared with 25 of 100,000 office visits in 1994-95 . The Army is creating quick-strike combat brigades in four more states as part of the Pentagon's post-Cold War strategy of making the service nimble enough to ship up thousands of troops anywhere in the world in a matter of days. A Sino-Russian forum featuring cooperation in science, technology, industry and trade in cities opened Tuesday in Guangzhou City, capital of Guangdong Province.
t9874 South Korea's LG Semicon Co. has joined with Sun Disc Corp. of the United States for the development and manufacture of socket flash memory chips, a LG spokesman said here Friday. A wind-driven forest fire burned out of control early Monday near the popular resort of Lake Tahoe, destroying at least 165 structures and forcing about 1,000 people from their homes. Argentina coach Diego Maradona on Wednesday handed veteran midfielder Ariel Ortega a surprise recall to the national team for a friendly international against Haiti. Rural residents discovered unexploded bombs in mailboxes in several Nebraska counties Saturday, a day after six pipe bombs in rural mailboxes exploded and injured six people in eastern Iowa and western Illinois. US President George W. Bush, hosting Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon at his ranch here, urged Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas on Monday to support Israel's withdrawal from the Gaza Strip. A suspected suicide bomber attacked a Pakistani military convoy on Thursday, killing at least 21 people in a scenic valley that has become another front in the nation's war with Islamic extremists. Most of the dead were Pakistani troops. Former U.N. weapons inspector Scott Ritter says he has been under investigation by the FBI for more than three years for allegedly spying for Israel. Jordanian Foreign Minister Abdel Ilah Khatib on Thursday called on Israel to immediately stop the use of force against Palestinians and lift its military blockade of Palestinian territories.
t6995 Cardiff's director of coaching, Australian Alex Evans, called for foreign players to be allowed into the Welsh rugby union league here on Wednesday. Members of Malaysia's Islamic fundamentalist opposition party protested in front of the British High Commission in this Muslim-majority nation over Britain's decision to grant a knighthood to author Salman Rushdie. South African authorities are investigating brake failure as the possible cause of the crash of a luxury train, as the death toll rose to three, an official said Thursday. John Rocker made his somewhat surprising return to The Ballpark in Arlington Tuesday night, and you know what that means: A colonel in the Iraqi police was gunned down with his driver in Baghdad Monday and another two people were killed when a roadside bomb hit a police patrol in the capital, security and hospital sources said. The development threatens a pillar of U.S. counter terrorism strategy, which has depended on Pakistan to play a lead role in keeping al-Qaida under pressure in order to reduce its ability to coordinate future strikes. Chandra Levy's family believes she disappeared from her apartment with someone she knew because she did not take her purse, wallet, identification or credit cards and commonly left her ID behind when she met her ``secret lover,'' her parents' lawyer says. Stock prices in Tokyo fell for the fifth straight trading day Wednesday as investors remained reluctant to buy stocks ahead of a holiday and on fears that political crises in Japan and the United States may continue.
t1268 Pakistan has allowed Motorola to resume its mobile phone service in troubled Karachi after the US firm allowed authorities to eavesdrop on some calls for security reasons, company officials said. A German fund set up to compensate victims of the Nazis' forced labor program formally ended payments Monday, it said, after distributing more than euro4.37 billion (US$5.84 billion) to 1.67 million victims. Defending champions Pohang Steelers, 2008 runners-up Adelaide United and former champions Gamba Osaka secured places in the AFC Champions League knock-out round on Tuesday. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Philippine Long Distance Telephone said Thursday it is in talks with Singapore and United States carriers to launch a mobile phone service in these countries later this year. In the increasingly curious legal battle over a 4-foot-high retaining wall along the U.S.-Canada border, the elderly owners -- Herbert and Shirley-Ann Leu of Blaine, Wash. -- appear to have won the first round. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham broke ground Monday on a coal-fired power plant that some say will increase pollution in the Appalachian Mountains. Seif Hamad, Zanzibar presidential candidate on the ticket of the opposition Civic United Front (CUF), Thursday expressed confidence that his party will have a final victory.
t4302 Karen National Union (KNU) insurgents allegedly killed at least one French technician a week ago during a guerrilla raid on a gas pipeline in Burma, student dissidents said Wednesday. The European Union said Friday it would withdraw preferential trade tariffs from Belarus for its failure to reform labor rights -- a move that will increase the cost of some Belarus goods to European markets. The volcanic ash hanging over Europe has mushroomed into a dark 1.5 billion dollar cloud with no hope of a silver lining, analysts warned. As public outrage continues to build over the still-spreading scandal of child sexual abuse by Roman Catholic priests, many Americans who once held religious leaders above secular reproach are now demanding that ways be found to hold them accountable. Little more than a decade after they first divined the existence of planets orbiting other stars, astronomers report another breakthrough -- the first detection of infrared light from an alien world. Single fathers are less likely to provide their children with health insurance and regular checkups, according to a new study -- thus putting the children at greater risk for limited access to care in case of an emergency. Too much federal paperwork and low reimbursements for serving some needier patients are among the issues dogging the Medicare HMO program, private researchers say in a new report. Sri Lanka's main opposition United National Party (UNP) will seek a debate on government's policy statement to be made by President Chandrika Kumaratunga at the ceremonial opening of Parliament Thursday, party officials has said.
t5241 Pharmaceutical giant Astra on Friday agreed in principle to pay more than 300 million dollares for a number of research activities in Britain and the United States from Fisons Plc of Britain, the Swedish company announced in a statement. Another unbeaten century from Shivnarine Chanderpaul and a late burst of three wickets in 17 balls on Sunday gave West Indies a realistic chance of winning the fourth test against England. British business software supplier Sage Group announced on Monday that its chief executive Paul Walker was to step down after 16 years at the helm. Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived here on Wednesday on his way home from Israel with no concrete agreement on ending 18 months of bloody Israeli-Palestinian violence, only a pledge that the Bush administration would stay involved in pressing for peace in the Middle East. South Korean share prices closed 1.08 percent lower Thursday as foreign investors continued to shed blue chip holdings on concerns over the outlook for interest rates in the United States, dealers said. Sweating, bare-chested men stoke the funeral pyres, squinting against the smoke as they lug and stack the logs needed to burn the Hindu dead. A valve on a chemical tank blew off and released toxic gas Wednesday, sending nearly 100 people to hospitals with breathing problems and nausea. Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing's Internet trading debut last Friday saw about 9,500 online transactions, representing 9.69 percent of Friday's 98,000 transactions, Tuesday's "South China Morning Post" quoted an exchange official as saying.
t4915 Negotiations between the Azeri authorities and rebel police were taking place in Baku on Thursday, and there was no fighting, Azerbaijan's interim security minister said. A disciplinary committee said Saturday a disgraced North Carolina prosecutor will be disbarred for his disastrous prosecution of three Duke University lacrosse players falsely accused of raping a black stripper -- a punishment the veteran prosecutor admitted was appropriate. Kenya's flower exports were wilting Monday under the economic burden of European airspace closures, leaving growers facing huge losses as they sought costly re- routing to foreign markets. I think I speak for everybody who has watched the Los Angeles Lakers this season, and quite possibly for the Lakers themselves, when I say let's start the playoffs right now. Genetically-modified food found itself in fresh controversy on Wednesday after the British science journal Nature reported that a giant biotech firm had accidentally distributed an unauthorised batch of GM corn in the United States. In April, the pair got another break when Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. agreed to finance, market and distribute several Latin-themed movies under the label, Ventanazul, a 50-50 venture with the studio. Hayek and Tamez said in a recent interview with the Los Angeles Times that they intended to make mainstream English-language America's closest ally, Britain, declined Wednesday to support setting aside a landmark arms-control agreement to make way for a U.S. missile defense. Jiang Chunyun, vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), met Monday with Ronaldo Coelho, president of the Constitution Commission of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies.
t4235 India's splintered opposition has already begun counting down to next year's parliamentary polls as the ruling Congress (I) party reels from a a string of state election drubbings. It hardly seems fair, but water creatures nimble enough to avoid being gobbled up by predators might harm their species more than help, new research suggests. Hardliner Dervis Eroglu led a Turkish Cypriot leadership election on Sunday, officials said, although he could still face a run-off against president Mehmet Ali Talat. His office was almost empty Friday morning. The blueprint of Union Station in Kansas City, whose restoration his foundation funded _ gone off the wall. Even the glass plate bearing his name was off the door. Known cases of murder and rape committed to protect a family's honour are on the rise across Europe, forcing police to explore the reasons behind such crimes and how to stop them, officials said Tuesday. Am I worried about the future of the newspaper industry? No, because as an artist, I find that literature is its own reward. I care only for the pitch, roll and yaw, the warp and the woof -- the yipping and the twittering -- of our beautiful language. The government on Tuesday blocked Britain's third-biggest bank, Lloyds TSB Group, from buying mortgage lender Abbey National PLC, arguing that the takeover would be against the public interest. Extending a welcome to the Uruguayan guest, Li said that although China and Uruguay are far apart geographically, they have maintained close relations.
t5954 Malaysian Navy patrol boats opened fire on an armed Chinese trawler that entered Malaysian waters after the vessel refused to heed warnings to stop, police said Monday. The dollar continued to fall against the euro Monday following last week's release of weaker-than-expected U.S. inflation figures, which lessened the likelihood of an interest-rate increase. Kyrgyzstan authorities attempted to impose order Tuesday after five people were killed in ethnic riots, officials said, amid mystery over the whereabouts of the country's ousted president. The Milanese returned to tried and trusted routine on Friday _ abandoning work early ahead of the weekend, filling cafes for an evening aperitif. Below the gashed facade of the 30-story government office building into which a small plane plunged on Thursday, teen-agers lounged on grassy patches in the The British men's cycling team got off to a winning start on the opening day of the World Track Championships here on Thursday by claiming the team sprint crown. Winfrey, kicking off her 22nd season with shows in New York, sat down with Letterman in the WaMu Theater at Madison Square Garden for 35 minutes of mutual basking in each other's public selves -- his depressive-seeming and privacy-guarding, hers as empathetic as it is monolithic. Mark Kotsay and Ryan Klesko got the same feeling they always get at Enron Field. For a change, some of the good luck rubbed off on Bobby Jones. The average salary rate for all middle-level managerial and professional employees of Hong Kong, as measured by the overall Nominal Salary Index A, rose by 0. 4 percent in June 2000 compared with June 1999.
t5949 The United States sets out this week to tackle the thorniest issue in its relationship with Russia as it opens direct talks with Moscow on how NATO is to expand its security umbrella to Europe's other half. Abbott Laboratories Inc. has sued a French AIDS group for staging what the pharmaceutical and medical products maker says was a cyber attack against its Web site in April. The deputy mayor of the restive southern Afghan city of Kandahar has been shot dead, the interior ministry said Tuesday. Farewells to longtime relationships mix regret with relief. The actual point of goodbye becomes surreal, or so it did on Thursday night as Boston Symphony subscribers parted ways with their music director of 29 years, Seiji Ozawa. Indonesia and the Philippines were Friday on alert for Islamic militant attacks aimed to disrupt Christian celebrations of Easter while foreigners were warned over their safety. Yet the Seaford man's life is intimately tied to the tragedy: Sliney, then working his first day as national operations manager at the FAA's Air Traffic Command Center in Herndon, Va., made the decision never taken before or since -- to ground every plane in the United States. It The Boston Red Sox have managed to play well all season without many of their biggest stars. Now, they will have to go even longer minus Pedro Martinez. Spain's Davis Cup dream will be carried by the number one Spanish singles player Alex Corretja when they face Australia in next month's final.
t445 Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev and his Japanese counterpart Yohei Kono failed to make progress in talks here Saturday on solving a thorny territorial issue, news reports said. More than a hundred species of tiny land-breeding frogs in the Caribbean evolved from a single South American species that probably hitched a ride on a raft of vegetation and washed up on an island beach, according to scientists who spent decades collecting tissues from the colorful hoppers. Democratic US Senator Chuck Schumer has warned he may introduce legislation to bar airlines from imposing fees for carry-on luggage, joining a congressional chorus of outrage at such charges. Tennessee's Pat Summitt and Connecticut's Geno Auriemma are coaching icons credited with helping fuel a rise in the popularity of women's college basketball. OPEC ministers were meeting in Iran Wednesday under pressure from cartel kingpin Saudi Arabia to raise their oil production quotas, amid near record prices and an expected hike in global demand for crude. When President Clinton's universal health-care plan died in 1994, the most visible fingerprints on the murder weapon belonged to a bland middle-class couple named Harry and Louise. George Washington University Hospital, where Vice President Dick Cheney had heart therapy Saturday, is credited with saving President Reagan's life after a 1981 assassination attempt. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak Sunday commended Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's behavior at the just-concluded Arab summit as "showing both courage and responsibility."
t2687 An examining magistrate south of Paris on Friday barred Alcatel- Alsthom managing director Pierre Suard from doing any work for the group, under renewed bail conditions, reliable sources said. For the first time, cancer experts are advising women of certain symptoms that might alert them to ovarian cancer, a disease that is hard to detect early and one of the deadliest cancers. Czech central bank (CNB) governor Zdenek Tuma said on Thursday he would resign as of June 30, more than six months before his second six-year term expires on February 12, 2011. Andy Roddick himself set the record straight. No, he's not undefeated at Westside Tennis Club. He reminded us how he once lost indoors, in an ``exo'' to Andre Agassi. A British national was killed when a car bomb exploded at a theater near a British school in the Qatari capital Doha on Saturday, Britain's foreign office said. Connecticut's Mohegan Sun casino has joined with two development companies to plan the expansion of its gambling empire to a spot in western Massachusetts just over the state line. The Navy is sizing up sites from Nevada to North Carolina for places to send warplanes bombing and strafing, Marines storming the beaches and ships firing live bombardments ashore. At least two people were killed and nine passersby lightly injured when a car bomb went off Thursday afternoon near the Mahane-Yehuda open air market in downtown Jerusalem, Israeli police said.
t2200 The bank for reconstructing formerly communist economies in Europe reported a small profit for 1994 on Thursday and sought to show that it had emerged successfuly from controversy by investing in the private sector. Kelly Clarkson, who rails against a former flame in her new song "Never Again," says she has never been in love. At any South African football match, the scent of grilled meats and simmering stews wafts through the gates as vendors serve up chicken feet, sheep head and sausages to arriving fans. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Two years after Spain sent troops to Iraq without consulting parliament, the Madrid government has adopted a new law that will ensure that lawmakers are consulted over any future troop deployment abroad. An hour after a car bomb exploded in downtown Baghdad on Thursday, killing at least 25 people, wounding at least 110 and destroying an apartment building, a phone call begging for help came to an Army officer in eastern Baghdad. It was from a man named Izzy who works Three strong earthquakes struck near a small island south of Tokyo in an interval of about ten hours Thursday, but there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries. The African Stock Exchanges Association (ASEA) has urged African leaders to demonstrate their political commitment to the economic integration efforts by implementing integration decisions faithfully, the News Agency of Nigeria reported on Monday.
t5493 EU foreign ministers were gathering here Saturday for talks dominated by how the Union can use its influence to stop the war in Chechnya and prevent the one in Yugoslavia resuming. China's top two commercial banks and six other institutions are being fined for lending money used by two state companies to buy stocks and real estate in defiance of official efforts to rein in speculation, the government announced Monday. UN humanitarian chief John Holmes will visit Senegal, Niger and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) later this month to discuss the food security crisis and other humanitarian issues, his office said. The Los Angeles Lakers' hopes for a relatively injury-free start to the playoffs took a hit Wednesday night when Robert Horry left the regular-season finale because of a strained stomach muscle. A top opposition leader in Kyrgyzstan who was freed Thursday after being in jail since 2000 appealed to President Askar Akayev on live television to step down. The Museum of the Confederacy in Richmond, Va., is seeking public support for a $15 million plan that would divide its collection of Civil War-era artifacts among three battlefield sites in other parts of Virginia. House campaign finance legislation headed toward a tumultuous finish Thursday with supporters of a measure to reduce the influence of big money protesting what they said was a betrayal of a promise of a fair vote. Shijiazhuang, capital city of North China's Hebei Province, suffered from serious pollution Wednesday with the pollution index reading at 332, according to the daily air quality report released by the China Environmental Monitoring Center Wednesday afternoon.
t8228 Five miners were injured, two seriously, and 40 others were trapped Sunday after a blast caused a rockfall in a private coal mine at Sorgun, 200 kilometers (120 miles) east of here, the Anatolian news agency reported. Video game publisher Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. said Thursday it was temporarily suspending the release of the violent video game "Manhunt 2" because of an ongoing ratings controversy in the United States and a ban in Britain and Ireland. Asian Football Confederation president Mohamed bin Hammam says the Asian Cup next year will be tougher than ever for the traditional powerhouse teams after Iraq's upset victory in 2007. Rankings reflect sales for the week ending April 20 at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide. Indian stocks fell 1.01 percent Friday as cautious investors sold shares before several blue-chip companies report quarterly earnings next week, dealers said. Spc. Brant Fechter leaped on top of a concrete barrier with an acoustic guitar, teetered wildly, steadied himself and belted out, "I'm craaaaa-zy with a capital K." Errors by the flight crew, including a failure to comply with safety and navigational procedures, caused a plane crash in the Azores Islands that killed 35 people, according to the official accident report. Israeli Knesset (parliament) approved Tuesday the first reading of the early election bills that were lodged by right-wing opposition parties.
t8486 Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev is to begin a three-day visit Friday to Israel and the Palestinian self-rule Gaza Strip, the foreign ministry said Monday. A U.S. search team on the Japanese island of Iwo Jima is zeroing in on a cave where a Marine combat photographer who filmed the famous flag-raising 62 years ago is believed to have been killed in battle nine days later, officials told The Associated Press Friday. Marcus Fraser landed the biggest win of his career when he carded a final-round three-under-par 69 to take the Ballantine's Championship title on Sunday. In a Manhattan bankruptcy court, where hundreds of lawyers are trying to carve up what remains of Enron, the first order of business is finger-pointing _ and many of the fingers are pointing at JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup. The Internet's authority for Web addresses said Friday it officially designated .jobs and .travel to be used the Internet, with discussions continuing on other extensions including .asia. The dog tags hang from the ceiling, shimmering like the prisms of a chandelier as the central piece of the National Vietnam Veterans Art Museum, which serves as the country's lone repository for the sketches, pottery and paintings of troops who went to war. The Orlando Magic, gambling that Patrick Ewing can solve their problems in the pivot, signed the free agent center to a contract Wednesday. India has become an important trade partner of Iraq and bilateral trade ties have been steadily improving in recent years, the official daily Babil reported on Thursday.
t2209 Mad: Madagascar, Mar: Morocco, Mas: Malaysia, Maw: Malawi, Mol: Moldova, Mdv: Maldives, Mex: Mexico,Mgl: Mongolia, Mkd: Macedonia, Mol: Moldova, Mli: Mali, Mlt: Malta, Mol: Moldova, Mon: Monaco, Moz: Mozambique, Mri: Mauritius, Mtn: Mauritania, Nam: Namibia, Nca: Nicaragua, Ned: Netherlands, Nep: Nepal, Ngr: Nigeria, Nig: Niger, Nor: Norway, Nzl: New A 9-month-old girl who was the lone survivor of her mother's attempt to hang herself and her four children in their trailer in Texas will live temporarily with an aunt, attorneys said Tuesday. Police in Pakistan have deployed two giant bomb detectors on roads into Islamabad in their latest efforts to stop suicide truck bombers striking the capital. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, APRIL 5, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com An Uruguayan teacher was charged in connection with an international child pornography ring, while at least 20 Chileans are suspected of taking part in the illicit network, authorities said Friday. While T-Mobile and Adidas rethink their involvement in the disgraced Tour de France, Computer Sciences Corp. is sticking with the race because the team it sponsors established a rigorous anti-doping program. A national survey finds that 34 years after the Supreme Court ended laws against interracial marriage, biracial couples are reporting widespread tolerance and even acceptance of their relationships. U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan Tuesday urged both the Israeli and Palestinian sides to honor their agreement reached at the Sharm El-Sheikh Summit in Egypt.
t2707 Russia's Larissa Lazutina sailed to an easy victory in the women's 15-kilometre classic at the Nordic World Ski Championships here on Friday. A Brooklyn man's brush with death ended with a small bump on the head after his car was crushed by a 40-foot-long (12-meter) container that flew off a truck and onto his vehicle while he was driving. Chinese President Hu Jintao has canceled a scheduled trip to Venezuela in order to return home to deal with his country's devastating earthquake, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Thursday. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, APRIL 5, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com In a remarkable twist of irony as EU ministers prepare to gather in Brussels this week to talk about reform of the Stability and Growth Pact, the main architect Germany is a leading voice in calls for the tattered fiscal rules to be taken apart. The Yangtze River, flowing more than 3,900 miles from the mountains of Tibet through fertile plains here in Hubei province and on to the East China Sea, was playing its traditional life-giving role Thursday, feeding the Chinese economy as it has for centuries. A severe tropical storm hit China on Friday, destroying hundreds of houses and reportedly killing one person after leaving more than 50 dead in the Philippines and Taiwan. Javelin thrower Paal Arne Fagernes of Norway was sentenced to 18 days in jail and fined 5,000 kroner (543 U.S. dollars) on Thursday for a drunken incident just before the Sydney Games.
t6799 Singapore has sought blood samples from family members of a South African engineer who is believed to have been murdered, dismembered and dumped in the sea here last week, police said Wednesday. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert returns home from Washington hoping his promises to grant his Palestinian counterpart Mahmoud Abbas a series of goodwill gestures will bolster the new government in the West Bank after Hamas militants' bloody takeover of the Gaza Strip. A Brazilian volleyball player who won Olympic bronze in 1996 is caught up in an international custody battle with her estranged US husband over their four-year- old son, Brazilian sports website Globoesporte reported. Coming back to South Africa after an absence of nine years is like meeting an old friend grown younger. The deep verdant valleys, the improbably beautiful mountains rising from the sea, the plants and flowers found nowhere else _ all rest immutable. But in and around them, one senses Czech international striker Jan Koller has been ruled out of Karel Brueckner's squad for the midweek World Cup qualifier away to Andorra, it was announced here Sunday. Jason Molina has been traveling yet another lonesome highway with Magnolia Electric Co., heading from Tucson to a Thursday night gig in Austin. North Korea urged Japan on Sunday to accept its Asian neighbors' demands and revise history textbooks that critics say whitewashes Tokyo's wartime atrocities. At least one person was killed and nine went missing on Monday in a gas explosion in the northern German city of Bremen.
t3803 A Russian Soyuz TM-21 spacecraft lifted off from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan early Tuesday to take two Russian cosmonauts and a US astronaut to the Russian space station Mir. American Electric Power Co. is starting the first large-scale program in the U.S. to convert greenhouse gas from livestock manure into a form that contributes less to global warming. The bodies of Poland's president and his wife will be flown to their funeral by military aircraft Sunday morning, despite the closure of the country's airspace by volcanic ash, an official said. Ultimate cinematic horror _ the kind that slithers through your mind leaving a slimy residue of paranoia _ is not a matter of trying to pass off a larger, more monstrous lizard than the one before as the latest and scariest incarnation of evil. It's usually something unseen, a Australian woolgrowers failed Tuesday in a legal bid to stop a high-profile animal rights group organising a boycott of their products to protest at alleged industry cruelty towards sheep. Did she or didn't she? We've all engaged in a snark-fest at one time or another, trying to guess if a certain film or television star has had ``work'' done. And while some, such as Kathy Griffin, Joan Rivers and Patricia Heaton, have been way public about their cosmetic Turkey's government reluctantly bowed to pressure from the International Monetary Fund on Monday, agreeing to make changes to the board of state-owned Turk Telekom in return for the release of a $1.6 billion loan. Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga has made one more change to her cabinet of ministers appointed on October 19, officials said Tuesday.
t4123 Residents of Lagos expressed shock Tuesday at the arrest of Nigerian ex-head of state General Olesegun Obasanjo by the junta, as lawyers for his former deputy filed a case for his own release from detention. A total of 468 slave laborers have been freed in past month from brick kilns and other illegal job sites in central China where they were starved, beaten and forced to work 14 hours or more per day, state media said Friday. Airlines urged a re-think of flight restrictions as a volcanic ash cloud made Europe a virtual no-fly zone for a fourth straight day Sunday with nearly seven million passengers affected. When the University of Minnesota Press agreed more than a year ago to publish a book called ``Harmful to Minors: The Perils of Protecting Children From Sex,'' it was clear that it would be controversial. Other publishers had rejected the manuscript, including one who said it was ``radioactive'' because The European Union has put off plans to lift its arms embargo on China this spring and may not press the issue until next year, US and European ofavier Solana, the EU's foreign policy chief, and with a comment by British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw over the weekend. By all the hype over ``The 11th Hour'' -- the latest Earth-in-crisis documentary that opened in Los Angeles and New York last week, and screens nationwide on Friday -- it would seem that Leonardo DiCaprio's celluloid crusade is a one-man show. Trans World Airlines employees in three cities started working next to their American Airlines colleagues on Monday, another step in the transition after American's purchase of TWA. The Environics poll unveiled Thursday puts the Liberals up three points to 48 percent of support, compared with the poll released last week.
t4726 Japan does not intend to ease the conditions attached to yen loans made to China and other foreign countries despite the currency's recent rise, a senior foreign ministry official said on Thursday. North Korea sent a letter to the United Nations nuclear watchdog Saturday, inviting inspectors to the isolated country to discuss shutting down its main nuclear reactor, state media reported. Estonia said Monday it would open its skies for six hours the following morning, while neighbour Latvia announced it was easing airspace limits, as a cloud of volcanic ash sowed chaos across Europe. Monarch butterflies have criss-crossed this continent every year since the Ice Age, and a single freak freeze in their winter homes south of the border this year apparently hasn't stopped them. Cambodian prison guards shot dead at least 20 inmates Wednesday after they tried to escape by kidnapping four wardens and crashing cars through the gates, police said. John Edwards met Monday with a New Orleans family facing foreclosure from a subsidiary of the Fortress Investment Group, a company that employed the former senator and in which he has invested about $16 million. Fiji's High Court cleared the way for fresh elections by refusing Wednesday to fire an interim government installed last year after a nationalist coup. Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov will arrive in Baghdad Monday for talks on relations between Iraq and the United Nations, the Iraqi News Agency (INA) reported on Sunday.
t7668 Stockholders of Metallgesellschaft Group approved measures Thursday night changing the group's capital structure and approved the management of the Supervisory Board and of the majority of members of the former directorate, group spokesman Andreas Martin announced Friday. A high-ranking U.S. envoy made a rare trip to North Korea on Thursday in a surprise bid to accelerate the international efforts to press the communist government to abandon its nuclear weapons program. Leading completed second-round scores from the Ballantine's Championship in Jeju, South Korea, on Friday. Tournament reduced to 54 holes due to poor weather. It feels like ``That '80s Show'' is playing on Causeway Street this week. The NBA playoffs have come to the seven-year-old building for the first time and it's as if the ghosts of Larry Bird, Kevin McHale, and Robert Parish walked through that door to bring back memories of The World Health Organisation on Thursday condemned the deaths of more than half a million mothers a year during pregnancy or childbirth as scandalous, saying they could be easily avoided. The splintering of religious conservatives, if it endures, would ease the way for New York's former mayor to emerge as the party's first nominee to explicitly support abortion rights since the Supreme Court legalized the procedure in 1973. Organizers of the 2004 Olympics reached preliminary agreement Tuesday for the first of five villages expected to house about 11,000 media representatives at the Athens Games. The following are exchange rates against the Pakistani rupee issued by the Treasury Management Division of the National Bank of Pakistan on Saturday.
t970 Former premier Raymond Barre announced Monday he would not stand in forthcoming French presidential ballots, saying he did not want to confuse an already complicated situation marked by deep divisions on the right. U.S. President George W. Bush urged Libya on Monday to free five Bulgarian nurses held on charges of intentionally infecting children with HIV and detained since 1999. Embattled Japanese automaker Toyota announced Tuesday it was temporarily suspending sales of the 2010 Lexus GX 460 after a respected US consumer magazine warned readers not to buy the SUV model. Sometimes, a team on a mission gets sidetracked. It loses focus, which leads to damaging losses, which can end a season. Top Pentagon official Paul Wolfowitz, picked Wednesday to head the World Bank, was praised for his experience in international affairs and slammed for his role in Washington's Iraq strategy. A Chilean Supreme Court judge ruled Wednesday that former Peruvian president Alberto Fujimori should not be extradited to Peru to face charges of corruption and human rights abuses. Serbian Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic primed his republic for possible European Union membership Monday, downplaying political turmoil in Yugoslavia and pledging cooperation in international war crimes trials. An international symposium Monday called on Indonesian people to save the country's 85,000 square kilometers of coral reefs of which 70 percent are already badly damaged.
t6959 Tens of thousands of people lined the streets of this Eastern Cape city Wednesday to give Queen Elizabeth the most exuberant welcome yet of her South African tour. Iran's Foreign Ministry summoned the British ambassador to complain over Britain's decision to grant a knighthood to author Salman Rushdie, who was accused of blasphemy by Iran's former supreme leader for his book "The Satanic Verses," the state news agency reported Wednesday. The New York Times posted a net profit on Thursday as cost-cutting and an improved advertising climate helped turn around losses of a year ago. For nine years, parents have been encouraged to bring their daughters to work one day a year in a nationwide effort to help young girls gain confidence and find options in our traditionally masculine society. The leader of Vietnam's communist party, Nong Duc Manh, arrived in the Cambodian capital Monday for a three-day state visit at the invitation of King Norodom Sihamoni. On a day in which politicians and religious leaders nationwide condemned the university's decision to invite the controversial Iranian leader, students were poised, if not excited, about his arrival. Ahmadinejad's request to place a wreath at Ground Zero, which was denied by the New York Police Department, already had Florida elections supervisors on Sunday acknowledged discrepancies in how strict they were in deciding whether to accept overseas ballots in the presidential election. A Hong Kong Festival opened Wednesday in this capital city of west China's Shaanxi Province with a dragon and lion dancing performance .
t5738 South Australia is to play Queensland in this week's Sheffield Shield cricket final after dismissing New South Wales (NSW) to claim an outright victory in the last round of the competition here Sunday. Slovenia presented two Pakistani army helicopter pilots Monday with the country's highest award for bravery for rescuing a Slovene mountaineer stranded for a week in the Himalayan mountains nearly two years ago. The court martial of Sri Lanka's former army chief Sarath Fonseka was on Tuesday adjourned until after the opening of the country's new parliament, in which he won a seat this month, officials said. In Hollywood, scores of folks are struggling to get some kind of film credit -- anything from gofer to gaffer -- on their resumes. Now the day has come when attaining such Tinseltown glory can be as easy as joining a fan club. US President George W. Bush plans to nominate former national security council spokesman Sean McCormack to be Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs, the White House said Thursday. On Oct. 12, 1999, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif refused landing rights to a plane carrying his army chief, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, setting off a military coup that resulted in Sharif's exile. Excerpts on selected countries described in a State Department report on Thursday as responding inadequately to the problem of international trafficking in humans: Malaysia hopes that the United States will agree to the wishes of the international community for the setting up of an International Force in Palestine, Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar said Thursday.
t2666 The Hungarian foreign minister is to make an unscheduled trip to Slovakia on Saturday for talks with Slovakian Prime Minister Vladimir Meciar after experts preparing a bilateral treaty failed to reach agreement. Hundreds of members of a Fatah-allied clan engaged in fierce battles with Hamas in recent months surrendered Wednesday to the Islamic militants, witnesses said. An investment bank is threatening to sell English Premier League side Birmingham City due to an unpaid debt of 2.2 million pounds (3.3 million dollars) they claim is owed to them by club owner Carson Yeung. KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Brad Manis was working in his yard outside Hartford, Kan., last Monday when he found the remains of an infant, left to die of neglect and dumped near a central Kansas highway. Rain has prevented the start of play on the third day of the second cricket Test between New Zealand and Australia here Sunday. China rejoiced Wednesday in the rescue of 69 miners who had been trapped for three days in a flooded coal shaft and kept alive by air and milk sent down a ventilation pipe. India.Arie's heroes range from Stevie Wonder and Donny Hathaway to Oleta Adams, Oprah Winfrey, Toni Morrison and ``my mom, who taught me everything I know about singing and life.'' The military wing of the radical Palestinian group Islamic Jihad Group claimed responsibility for the booby-trapped car bomb attack Thursday afternoon in downtown Jerusalem which killed two Israelis and injured nine others.
t8277 Kurdish rebels hiding near the northern Iraqi village of Enze said Sunday the Turkish army had failed to destroy their camps or surround their positions in a massive operation involving 35,000 troops. Below is a list of feature stories that The Associated Press plans to move in the coming week. Questions about the stories may be addressed to the North America Desk supervisor in New York at 212-621-1650 (fax 212-621-5449 or e-mail amidesk@ap.org) or to individual bureaus in your country or A brace from Argentine youngster Eduardo Salvio helped Atletico Madrid warm up for their Europa League clash against Liverpool on Thursday with a 3-1 victory over Tenerife. ``Coast to Coast'' is an effervescent, exuberant account of a year the Welsh essayist spent traveling around America in the mid-1950s with her family by car, train, boat and airplane. Originally published in 1956, the book, her first, had been out of print until this month, when it was Some US pharmacists with strong religious beliefs are refusing to fill prescriptions for female clients requesting birth-control pills, causing alarm among women's rights organizations. The write-offs and markdowns from the big banks and investment houses are nothing short of spectacular: $5.9 billion at Citi, $5 billion at Merrill Lynch, $3.4 billion at UBS, $3.1 billion at Deutsche Bank. The tally so far is $21 billion, running the gamut from mortgage-backed securities to corporate Roger Clemens started the first game of a doubleheader for the New York Yankees against the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday in place of Adrian Hernandez, who was ill. The U.S. economy increased at an annual rate of 2.4 percent in the third quarter of this year, the slowest pace in nearly four years, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday.
t9332 Surrey are still optimistic that Pakistan fast bowler Waqar Younis will be fit to play for them this season, their director of cricket said here Wednesday. A memorial for victims of the Air India bombing was unveiled in Toronto to mark the 22nd anniversary of Canada's worst case of mass murder. Dutch far-right lawmaker Geert Wilders is set to stand trial in October on charges of inciting racial hatred against Muslims, the Amsterdam district court said on Tuesday. ``The Years of Lyndon Johnson'' is the overall title of this biographical project that will eventually swell to four stout volumes. The third installment, ``Master of the Senate'' (Knopf, $35), has long been awaited _ Volume 2 appeared a dozen years ago _ and today marks its official publication Indian skipper Mithali Raj admitted that her team didn't do themselves justice as their first ever World Cup final appearance ended in a 98-run mauling at the hands of Australia. As cruiser sales decline, it's interesting to watch how manufacturers staunch the wound. While many companies are slashing production to avoid a trip to the emergency room, Victory has a different plan. The 10-year-old subsidiary of Polaris Industries is gearing up with an expansion into touring. The Senate on Thursday confirmed Harvard professor John Graham to oversee the nation's environmental and public health regulations despite strong opposition from Democrats. Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ratnasiri Wickremanayake has said that he would not impair the peace process "even in the lightest way " if the separatist Tamil Tiger rebels genuinely seeks to begin negotiations with the government to end the 17-year ethnic war in the country.
t1230 The European Union will send a delegation to Ukraine next month to pressure the government to shut down the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, officials said Monday. The executive editor of the Random House Publishing Group, Daniel Menaker, is leaving at the end of the month "to devote more time to his own writing and to teach," the company announced Monday. The air traffic controllers who handled the doomed landing of a Polish presidential jet said Tuesday that its pilots had refused to heed warnings to divert to another airport to avoid thick fog. Cause and effect. The Mets made all of those big trades for big hitters during the winter, and just look at what happened Monday. Playing before the most fans who have ever seen them play on opening day, the Mets won. Many of the 53,734 fans were surely drawn New York's main crude oil contract rose above 57 dollars for the first time in trading on Thursday over supply worries despite OPEC's move to hike its output quota. The way Farhad Aliyev's wife sees it, accusations of corruption and plotting a coup against her husband would collapse if only they could get the attention of his former boss, Azerbaijan's president. The way others see it, the president is the problem. Crude and products futures at the New York Mercantile Exchange fell Monday, as events at the United Nations went a long way in meeting market expectations of Iraqi oil returning to the world market sooner rather than later, analysts said. The Serbian parliament on Tuesday approved plans for a transitional government for the Yugoslav republic to run until parliamentary elections, slated for December 23, said Tanjug News Agency.
t5898 The leader of the opposition Social Democrats that won Finland's general elections Sunday said he was open to offers from other parties on forming the country's next government. President George W. Bush had a nearly hour-long secure video teleconference with Iraqi leaders on Monday and came away impressed and reassured by the progress they're making on political, security and economic reforms, the White House said. Lufthansa is planning to operate around 200 flights on Tuesday, less than 15 percent of its normal global schedule, a spokesman for the German carrier told AFP. Larry Reed still remembers that trip to the flea market more than 15 years ago when their eyes locked. He knew that smiling face had seen better days, and he was the man who could bring the good times back. On that fateful day, Reed bought his first bobbing Eleven Iraqi police commandos were killed and 14 other people wounded in a suicide car bombing in Ramadi late Thursday, a US military spokesman said. The cost of employer-provided health insurance rose 6.1 percent this year, the smallest jump since 1999 but still well above the increase in wages and consumer prices, according to an annual survey released Tuesday by the Kaiser Family Foundation. A twin-engine plane crash landed on an Interstate highway Thursday, hitting seven cars and spewing fuel. There were no serious injuries. A security corridor between Ethiopia and Eritrea is due to open late this month in Senafe, a border town of Eritrea, which has been under the Ethiopian troop's control since May this year.
t6051 A Kuwaiti appeals court on Monday upheld two out of the six death sentences for an alleged Iraqi-backed plot to kill former US president George Bush in 1993, legal officials said. Below is a list of feature stories that The Associated Press plans to move in the coming week. Questions about the stories may be addressed to the North America Desk supervisor in New York at 212-621-1650 (fax 212-621-5449 or e-mail amidesk@ap.org) or to individual bureaus in your country or Ecuador and China have scrapped a friendly match originally scheduled for May 11 in Beijing, the chairman of the Ecuadorian Football Federation, Luis Chiriboga, said Wednesday. Corporate-owned life insurance _ known as ``dead peasant'' life insurance in the insurance industry because it is taken out on mid- and low-level employees _ caught Green's attention after being contacted by the Houston Chronicle. Some 200 women staged a protest Friday in northern Egypt to demand the release of relatives held since last October over the anti-Israeli bombings in Sinai resorts, an AFP journalist reported. As America gets fatter, policymakers are seeking creative approaches to legislating health. They've been entering the school cafeteria -- and now they're eyeing your neighborhood. NEW YORK (AP)_ Shares of Toys R Us Inc. plummeted more than 10 percent on the New York Stock Exchange Friday after the giant toy retailer warned that its second-quarter profit loss will be larger than expected. Seven killer criminals were executed Friday morning for voluntary man-slaughter, robbery of guns and automobiles, and hiding ammunition, according to a verdict of the Intermediate People's Court of Kunming, capital of southwest China's Yunnan Province.
t7311 US Defence Secretary William Perry said Thursday he has obtained pledges of cooperation from the Gulf Arab monarchies to counter any military threat from Iran or Iraq. America's Cup defender Alinghi of Switzerland and challenger Emirates Team New Zealand are tuning up for a rematch that starts Saturday for sailing's most coveted trophy. Singapore companies Thursday scrambled to clear a backlog of cargo including orchids and ornamental fish as Europe opened its airspace after the threat of ash clouds from a volcano eased. On the night of his jeer-filled homecoming, Jason Giambi stood on first base after singling in the ninth inning Tuesday and had the presence of mind and the kindness of heart to tell Carlos Pena, the young man who replaced him, to keep his head up. England's Luke Donald, trying to become only the second European winner of the US PGA Players Championship, clung to a one-stroke lead here Monday as final-round play began. SAN FRANCISCO -- Barry Bonds plays his final home game as a Giant the same day it is announced the ball from his record-breaking 756th home run will be branded with an asterisk before being sent to the Hall of Fame. Developing (late), by Dylan Hernandez (Times). BBA-ANGELS-RANGERS -- A busload of Minnesota senior citizens left for Canada on Monday in search of lower-priced prescription drugs, a trip paid for through Sen. Mark Dayton's Senate salary. Lanzhou, capital of northwest China's Gansu Province, suffered from serious air pollution Thursday with the pollution index reading at 454.
t2347 Kazakhstan's Vladimir Smirnov survived a fall and a run-in with a billboard Thursday to win the 30km classic cross country gold at the World Nordic Ski Championships. Shameka Christon scored 16 points to lead the New York Liberty to a 79-69 victory over the winless Washington Mystics on Tuesday. Norwegian and Swedish health authorities and experts urged caution Thursday as a volcano ash cloud blew through the region, but said health risks were mostly related to the grounding of ambulance planes. Knowing that the attack would come sooner or later, Israeli soldiers along the Lebanese border stayed well inside their heavily fortified bunkers through the day. Tens of thousands of people rocked to raise money for tsunami relief at a star-studded concert late Friday that was the biggest ever held in Malaysia, one of the countries battered in the December disaster. Former Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev, whose reforms played a major role in freeing the Soviet Union from totalitarianism, defended authoritarian moves by Russian President Vladimir V. Putin as necessary ``to prevent the disintegration of the country.'' A librarian searching a historical society's cluttered storage area stumbled upon a flag that was in Abraham Lincoln's theater box on the night of his assassination. The Charoen Pokphand Group, Thailand's biggest agribusiness conglomerate, will abandon its investment in Lotus Superstores in Thailand and focus instead on expanding its retail chain in China, the Bangkok Post reported Tuesday.
t115 Two Turkish travel agencies were attacked in Germany in what appears to be a sustained campaign of intimidation by organisations linked to the Kurdish independence movement, German authorities said Friday. This seaside city has long been renowned as one of the Mideast's prettiest, with a gorgeous mountain backdrop, a smattering of hilltop castles overlooking a sparkling sea, and a proud leader who tends to the city like Martha Stewart. A Polish military aircraft carrying home the body of Poland's President Lech Kaczynski from Russia landed in Warsaw Sunday, the country's defence ministry said. MONROVIA, Calif. - Little did Ernie Aragon know that his ultimate passion would be fueled by a chance meeting with actor Anthony Quinn more than 50 years ago. Leading European stocks rallied Tuesday as easing oil prices lifted sentiment and some pharmaceutical shares bounced higher on positive news. The Vatican said Thursday that Pope Benedict XVI will soon issue a document providing for wider use of the Tridentine Mass, the centuries-old Latin rite that was largely supplanted in the 1960s by a new liturgy, often translated into modern languages. Yugoslavia's prime minister resigned and thousands of angry supporters of Slobodan Milosevic rallied Friday to protest the snap extradition of the former president to the U.N. war crimes tribunal. Chinese economist Li Jingwen said here today that China should use the new Euro-Asia Bridge to push forward the involvement of western China in economic globalization.
t344 Police are investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of a rugby league player who died here Friday after injuries received in a game on Wednesday. Palestinian gunmen broke through Israel's heavily-fortified Gaza border and battled troops inside Israel for about two hours Saturday, in an abortive attempt to abduct an Israeli soldier in which one of the raiders was killed but the military said no soldiers were harmed. The worst heatwave to hit Rio de Janeiro in 50 years turned the city into a pre- Carnival furnace Wednesday, and killed 32 elderly people farther south, officials said. In his first substantive response to the Democratic rejection of Judge Charles W. Pickering Sr. of Mississippi for a federal appeals court post, President Bush hit back Thursday at the leadership of the Senate and said he would continue to push for ``good, conservative judges'' on the nation's highest A Taiwanese businessman has been jailed for 10 years for illegally installing telecommunications equipment and pocketing the telephone charges, court officials said Wednesday. The room: Every room needs balance, places for the eyes to focus, weight distributed throughout the room so it doesn't appear lopsided. Think of your room as a scale and always add a bit more to one side or the other so as not to tip it too much Ben Sheets won his sixth straight decision, scattering four hits over seven innings Friday night in the Milwaukee Brewers' 6-1 victory over the Houston Astros. General Yu Yongbo, director of the General Political Department of the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA), left here today for an official visit to the United States.
t1510 The lira firmed slightly Tuesday evening to 1,192.5 to the German mark at the announcement of Senate approval of the proposed Italian supplementary budget. Anticipating a vigorous competition for black and Hispanic votes, Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton's presidential campaign has scheduled a meeting Tuesday with some 300 "women of color" to urge them to raise money and spread the word among friends to encourage support for Clinton's candidacy. Poland President Lech Kaczynski will be buried on Sunday, the presidency announced, after a weekend plane crash in Russia that killed him and 95 other people. This island city of romantic cafes, majestic basilicas and fine modern cinema is also the place where Jackie Robinson honed his skills as a minor-leaguer and where Pete Rose belted his 4,000th hit. The French luxury group Pinault-Printemps-Redoute posted Thursday 2004 net profit increase of 45.9 percent, which decreased to 9.9 percent when one-off items were excluded. Former Panamanian strongman Manuel Noriega will be extradited to France to serve a 10-year money-laundering sentence upon his release from federal jail in Florida this fall, according to U.S. Justice Department papers filed in court Tuesday. An Iraqi diplomat serving in Iraq's mission to the United Nations has requested asylum in the United States for himself and his family, diplomatic sources confirmed Tuesday. Guinea currently hosts 460,000 refugees, including 330,000 Sierra Leoneans and 130,000 Liberians, who fled the civil wars in the 1990s, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
t3382 Malaysia's national cocoa board signed Monday a pact with a Chinese state institute to boost export of cocoa products and beans to China. People on both sides of the debate about same-sex marriage in Massachusetts returned to the state legislature Thursday, bracing for what could be their final showdown in the only U.S. state to allow gays and lesbians to marry. Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi has urged global support for the "peaceful" policies of "wise" US President Barack Obama in his pursuit of a world without nuclear weapons. Have a question about the news? Colin Bessonette will try to get an answer. Call 404-222-2002, or write him at The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302, or e-mail him at q&AMP;a(at)ajc.com. Please include your name and hometown. The European Union accord to loosen its fiscal rules brought relief to ailing economic giant Germany Monday, but fuelled fears of a new era of uncertainty for Europe's already-strained economic policies. Soot from coal-burning factories in the northeastern United States might have been the most important factor in the warming of the Arctic region at the turn of the last century, U.S. researchers reported Friday. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and a co-defendant refused legal defenses that might have averted their 30-day jail sentences for trespassing on Navy land on the Puerto Rican island of Vieques, their lawyer said Saturday. Even though Thailand is ranged the world's largest rice exporter, it may lose its competitiveness to Vietnam soon due to failure to boost productivity during the past three years, the Thai News Agency (TNA) said Monday.
t8560 The Croatian defence ministry announced Monday a general mobilisation of all men in the Zagreb area eligible to serve in the armed forces, the Hina news agency said. Parts of Greece suffered blackouts again Friday while the hottest June in decades had power officials appealing for conservation efforts and sweating to meet record electricity demand. Thai authorities will retake the anti-government protest site in Bangkok, the prime minister said Sunday in a television address made with the army chief, without disclosing when. These columns for release Wednesday, May 1, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Michael Jackson's former chef testified Friday that he saw the pop icon fondle then-child movie star Macaulay Culkin, with his hand inside the boy's shorts. President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday there is no evidence that Iran is trying to build nuclear weapons, reiterating a Kremlin position that has hamstrung efforts by the United States and European Union countries to impose tougher U.N. sanctions on Tehran. The bodies of 15 sea lions have been found in Ecuador's Galapagos Islands with their teeth and sexual organs extracted, presumably for sale in Asian black markets as aphrodisiacs, authorities said Wednesday. The Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA) reported a remarkable 36 billion pesos (720 million U.S. dollars) increase in new economic zone investments as of November 28, the government said Thursday.
t8757 China is to replace a decades-old system of free land-use rights which has resulted in a massive loss of state revenue and desertification from over-exploitation, a report said Tuesday. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas authorized on Friday a review of all private organizations in the West Bank, signifying he may shut down Hamas-affiliated groups to counter the Islamic movement after it took over the Gaza Strip. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court, was on Monday declared winner of the country's first multi-party presidential election in over two decades. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is not canceling any weapons programs for now, according to a draft of planning guidelines he is completing this week, even though aides and advocates of defense reform sharply criticized several systems as a waste of money. Hundreds of opposition supporters and journalists in the former Soviet republic of Azerbaijan marched on Saturday to the grave of a vocal journalist slain last month, and called on authorities to halt their crackdown on the media. Majid Khan -- also known as Detainee No. 010020 at the U.S. detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba -- has been in U.S. custody for more than four years. First, it was in secret prisons run by the CIA, and now, for more than a year, in Cuba, where A train carrying hazardous chemicals derailed and caught fire in a downtown tunnel, causing a near shutdown of the city and burning so hot firefighters couldn't reach the flames for eight hours. The 55th session of the United Nations General Assembly on Friday overwhelmingly adopted a resolution, reaffirming the necessity of achieving a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine, the core of the Arab- Israeli conflict in all aspects.
t9156 Deutsche Telekom has recruited the president of the European operations of Sony, Ron Sommer, as its president and the announcement will be made later on Wednesday, press reports here said. A judge on Saturday postponed the trial of three members of Saudi Arabia's powerful religious police for their alleged involvement in the death of a man in custody. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, who for years has had tense relations with neighboring Colombia, warned Sunday of worse ties and even possible military hostilities if Bogota's ex-defense chief Juan Manuel Santos wins the presidency. As press secretary to Lyndon Johnson, George Christian was so busy he wasn't home much with his wife and kids. The Al-Qaeda-linked group of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said Sunday it was determinated to continue its jihad or holy war after Iraq's new president proposed an amnesty for insurgents, an Internet statement said. Infants are among the most vulnerable to malaria, but they also have proved to be among the most difficult to immunize for a variety of illnesses, including measles and pneumococcal disease. Uranium miners and residents exposed to radiation from Cold War-era nuclear weapons tests will finally see promised compensation for their illnesses. Cuba is expected to receive 1.85 million tourists by the end of 2000, a 10 percent growth compared with last year, Tourism Minister Ibrahim Ferradaz said on Saturday.
t2125 Sex shop and nightclub owners who had hoped to make a fortune during the UN summit on social development are wondering what has happened to the thousands of summiteers and other staff here for the event. U.S. federal agents on Tuesday raided the offices of a food processing plant suspected of employing hundreds of illegal workers who used Social Security numbers that belonged to other people or were made up, authorities said. An Islamic court in Malaysia Wednesday rejected opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim's bid to prosecute a young man accusing him of sodomy for making a false claim, the politician's lawyer said. Britain's Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, a figure beloved for her courage and common touch, died in her sleep on March 30. At age 101, she was an endearing symbol of royal tradition whose popularity transcended both age and class. Her funeral will be held April 9 at Westminster A church blessing following the April 8 civil wedding of Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles will be broadcast live on British television, royal officials said on Friday. If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog, but if you want a friend in Paris, get a checkbook. That's the gist of Patrice Leconte's cynical-to-sentimental arc of a story upon which the clever Frenchman's new film, ``My Best Friend,'' is built. New regulations expanding the legal use of medical marijuana will allow people with terminal or debilitating illnesses to possess and cultivate pot, or designate someone to do it for them. The Gulf Cooperation Council(GCC) and the United States have decided to form a joint business forum to promote GCC-U.S. trade and investment relations, the Arab News reported Monday.
t5248 The peseta nosedived to a new all-time low early Friday afternoon on the London forex market, hitting 93.30 to the German mark, Dresdner Bank analyst Elizabeth Legge said. Your work computer just suffered a major meltdown. Maybe the operating system failed, or a virus crashed the hard drive. News that banking giant Goldman Sachs has been charged with fraud sent Asian stocks tumbling Monday, while airlines were hit as northern European airspace was closed due to the Icelandic volcano. Stating that the ``foundation for economic expansion'' has been laid but that the strength and sustainability of the recovery is still uncertain, Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve's chairman, strongly suggested to Congress on Wednesday that monetary policy would remain unchanged for the foreseeable future. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has told US officials there is no question of freezing Israel's planned expansion of Maale Adumim, the largest Jewish settlement in the West Bank, an aide said Thursday. er, darlings -- are back where they ought to be, make sure you keep an eye on their training for fall sports. The last thing you want is to have them injured and lounging on the couch where they have spent the past three months hollering for food. The heads of the West Coast chapter of the Hollywood performer unions have submitted a tentative contract settlement for a vote by the guilds' nearly 135,000 members. Overseas direct investment in China during the first 10 months this year increased 37 percent in contractual volume from the same period last year.
t5054 The United States and the European Union pledged Thursday to strengthen the Croat-Moslem federation so that it may form a bulwark against Serb expansionism in the former Yugoslavia. A Hamas official said Sunday that kidnapped BBC journalist Alan Johnston, who has been held by Gaza militants since March, would be freed soon, but others played down hopes of an imminent release. Iceland's volcanic eruption as well as the towering column of ash spewing out of it have both declined significantly, an Icelandic seismologist said Monday. WASHINGTON --Alaska's two senators Tuesday kicked off the Senate's long anticipated debate on a cornerstone of President Bush's energy policy, a controversial plan to open a portion of an Alaska wildlife refuge to oil and gas exploration. Dutch Deputy Prime Minister Thom de Graaf has resigned from government after losing a key senate vote on government reform, the government information service said Wednesday. A Vietnam veteran down in the polls is touting his service to revive his presidential campaign. In 2003, it was John Kerry. This week, it's Sen. John McCain. Its candidate nearly out of money and plunging in the polls, the McCain campaign released a 12-minute video that includes footage Tony Stewart avoided a costly suspension Wednesday when NASCAR fined him $10,000 and extended his probation through the end of the season for separate blowups with a Winston Cup official and a reporter following the Pepsi 400. Half the people who fear flying may actually find themselves gripped by intense anguish, palpitations and even panic attacks if they are forced to take a plane, a medical conference at the Rome found today.
t3593 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said after meeting President Hafez al-Assad here Monday that Israel and Syria were once again engaged in "serious discussions" about peace and he would return here after briefing Israeli leaders. Mexican border cities are struggling with an influx of migrants who are being dumped on their streets after being deported by the U.S. government, which has been kicking out illegal migrants at record levels, migrant relief groups say. Japanese shares fell 1.35 percent by noon Friday, weighed down by exporters as a stronger yen reduced their earnings prospects. David Carr will be the first selection in the NFL Draft next week. That is the only thing promised him. Greek Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis on Monday welcomed the European Union's decision to make the EU's Stability and Growth Pact more flexible, arguing that the move will facilitate both European development and his own administration's efforts to bring its deficit under control. They look like the makings of quite a headache. But the electrodes, which act much like a heart pacemaker, actually stimulate the brain. Luciano Pavarotti was in Spoleto to celebrate the 90th birthday of composer Gian Carlo Menotti, founder of the town's arts festival. In a meeting with principal officials of the Hong Kong SAR at the Government House, Li expressed his wish and confidence that the SAR officials will adhere to the "one country, two systems" principle and the Basic Law to boost Hong Kong's image as a "city of life."
t7879 The Pakistani government has announced several record-breaking drug seizures as Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto prepares to visit the United States. Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim said Thursday that trade talks among the World Trade Organization's four most powerful members have failed because of their inability to agree on farm subsidy cuts. One of Belgium's bishops has resigned over a paedophile case, adding to a growing list of churchmen tainted by scandals that have been shaking the Catholic Church, various sources said late Thursday. The Islanders finished Friday night's game with only 10 players on the bench. Two were in the penalty box. Goaltender Chris Osgood sat at the far left wearing a blue baseball cap, and that was only a hint of what had befallen a team suddenly one loss from playoff Auto giant DaimlerChrysler AG said in a statement Thursday it had won a legal battle here against disgruntled billionaire Kirk Kerkorian related to the 1998 Daimler-Chrysler merger. The semiconductor company, whose energy-saving chips can be found in Sony's PlayStation 3 video game console, had placed CEO Alex Lidow on leave Aug. 30. Tesoro Petroleum Corp. said Tuesday it has agreed to buy two oil refineries and 45 service stations in Utah and North Dakota from BP PLC for $677 million. Israel's Secret Service (Shin Bet) chief Avraham Dichter held talks in Cairo on Sunday with Mohammed Dahlan, Palestinian Preventative Security chief in Gaza Strip, in an effort to revive security coordination between the two sides.
t2103 The appreciation of the Japanese yen against the US dollar has increased the Philippines' 37-billion-dollar foreign debt by up to one billion dollars, a Central Bank official said Thursday. Syria's Foreign Ministry on Tuesday dismissed accusations by a U.N. envoy who expressed alarm to the Security Council over reports by the Lebanese army and observers that both arms and militia men were crossing the border from Syria to Lebanon. Hong Kong on Wednesday paved the way for a move towards universal suffrage with a proposal to boost the number of lawmakers and increase the number of people that elect the city's leader. Negotiations between bus drivers and the Los Angeles Unified School District's largest private bus contractor stretched late into the evening Thursday, boosting hopes that striking drivers might soon be back behind the wheel. The 46-member Council of Europe, the continent's oldest political organisation, on Friday adopted a resolution aimed at bolstering its arsenal of weapons in the fight against international terrorism and organised crime. Earnings continued their downward trend at the Tribune Co. and the New York Times Co., the newspaper publishers reported Wednesday. The mother of a Marine killed in Vietnam received his dog tags in an Independence Day ceremony after two Florida businessmen found them for sale in a back-alley market in Ho Chi Minh City. The Zanzibar Electoral Commission (ZEC) Monday suspended voting in 16 out of a total of 50 constituencies because the voters have not been able to cast the votes by the deadline on Sunday due to late opening of many polling stations.
t5951 Attackers unleashed nerve gas in the Tokyo metro system during Monday's rush hour killing six people and injuring 600, police and officials said. New York City's poor residents will get cash rewards for good behavior -- like $300 (euro223.8) for doing well on school tests, $150 (euro111.9) for holding a job and $200 (euro149.2) for visiting the doctor -- under an experimental anti-poverty program detailed on Monday by city officials. Environmental activists, indigenous leaders and Hollywood celebrities were gathering in Bolivia Tuesday ahead of the first self-styled "people's conference" on climate change here. He was reviled by the authorities in his homeland, his poems were banned and much of his life was spent behind prison walls. But 39 years after his death, celebrations are being conducted around the world for Nazim Hikmet, the ``blue-eyed giant,'' who is universally acknowledged as Turkey's greatest Russia's President Vladimir Putin Friday offered shelter to Kyrgyzstan's ousted leader Askar Akayev after the veteran chief was removed from power by chaotic opposition protests. Someone at the Kennedy Center may be time-traveling back to 1964 and cruising down the Pacific Coast Highway with the Supremes and the Beach Boys blasting. Smiling through questions about executions and human rights, Beijing officials made a polished pitch for the 2008 Olympics, avoiding any last-minute blunders that could derail their candidacy. The average salary rate for all middle-level managerial and professional employees of Hong Kong, as measured by the overall Nominal Salary Index A, rose by 0. 4 percent in June 2000 compared with June 1999.
t657 Marnie McGuire of New Zealand overcame a two-stroke deficit to clinch the Japanese women's golf season opener at the 600,000-dollar Daikin Orchid on Sunday. U.S. President George W. Bush, receiving a hero's welcome as the first American president to visit Albania, said Sunday that there cannot be endless dialogue about achieving independence for neighboring Kosovo. Burnley suspended Iceland midfielder Joey Gudjonsson for two weeks on Monday pending a full investigation following his critical comments about manager Brian Laws. During this same week 12 years ago, the University of Oklahoma thought so little of its women's basketball team that it dropped the sport entirely. Eight days later, after gender-equity protests howled through the campus like a spring tornado, the administration reconsidered. US President George W. Bush has invited Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to visit the United States, an Indian official said Wednesday. Leading members of Bahrain's royal family have thrown their weight behind hard-line Sunni Muslim groups, some of whom share the outlook of al-Qaida, in an attempt to counter a perceived Shiite threat, government officials and critics say. Only half the field for the SunTrust Indy Challenge was on the track at any one time Thursday and Friday, so Saturday's final practice was the first time the field ran together. Shanghai B-share market erased 0.56 or 0.89 percent to close at 61.84 points on Monday, slightly coming off its intraday low of 61.59.
t4006 Spanish prices rose by 0.5 percent in February from the figure for January taking the 12-monthly increase to 4.8 percent and the increase so far this year to 1.5 percent, official figures showed on Tuesday. Tensions rose in Thailand on Friday as deposed Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra prepared to give a televised address to supporters who have been holding daily protests against the country's coup leaders. Danish airspace will remain closed until at least 2:00 am (0000 GMT) Sunday due to a massive ash cloud from an erupting Icelandic volcano that has paralysed air traffic across Europe, aviation authorities said. Since October, my 12-year-old daughter has been mentioning _ ever so politely _ that she would like to go to sleep-away camp this summer. Since October, I have nodded my head and smiled _ ever so politely. The dollar steadied against leading currencies on Tuesday before a US interest rate decision from the US Federal Reserve, expected to raise its key interest rate to 2.75 percent, dealers said. He sneaks into the cemetery every year at night in the dead of winter, the mysterious man in black, to pay his respects at the grave of Edgar Allan Poe. And in his wake, he never fails to leave three roses and a bottle of cognac. The Senate neared passage Monday of legislation providing $6.5 billion for defense and widely varying other programs, a bill that has become a prop in the partisan battle over the shrinking federal surplus. Manufacturers at home and abroad are showing an increasing interest in the emerging market of feeder aircrafts, of which China will probably need much more in the following decades.
t6208 Hungary's gross foreign debt was 28.5 billion dollars at end-December, up four billion dollars from a year earlier, the central National Bank (HNB) said Monday. Turkish troops killed three separatist Kurdish rebels in an overnight clash in eastern Turkey and one soldier died in a separate clash, private NTV television reported Tuesday. US lawmakers sparring over President Barack Obama's push for new Wall Street rules expressed hopes Wednesday of reaching the kind of bipartisan deal that eluded them utterly on health care. In a drizzle early on Wednesday, April 3, as Cobra helicopters thumped the air overhead, Israeli infantry troops accompanied by armored bulldozers and tanks approached the fringes of this camp. An Irish-owned cellphone company operating in the Caribbean on Friday denied poaching staff and taking information from a potential US-owned rival in Guyana. Sgt. Mark England, a medic, said he suffered three fractured ribs and was hit by a Taser stun gun three times by the officers during an altercation at McCarran International Airport on March 10. The incident was recorded by an airport security camera and broadcast by a Las Vegas Defending champion Magnus Norman reached the Swedish Open semifinals on Friday, rallying to defeat Christophe Rochus of Belgium, 3-6, 6-3 and 7-5 under rainy skies that interrupted several matches. The death toll from the illicit brew has risen to at least more than 100 in the slums of Kenya's capital Nairobi and its outskirts in the past three days, local media reported Saturday.
t4670 Military checkpoints were not immediately dismantled in the conflict zone in Chiapas Wednesday despite a limited pullout the government ordered to foster peace talks, government sources acknowledged. BATTING--MOrdonez, Detroit, .365; Posada, New York, .349; Polanco, Detroit, .345; ISuzuki, Seattle, .342; OCabrera, Los Angeles, .336; Jeter, New York, .335; Kotchman, Los Angeles, .333; VGuerrero, Los Angeles, .333. The United States on Monday urged the hardline winner of the Turkish Cypriot presidential election Sunday to pursue UN-backed plans for the reunification of the Mediterranean island of Cyprus. A rock and a hard place notwithstanding, there is something wonderful about being in between things, whether it's soft sheets, or a salad and main course, or the first and last pages of a delicious novel. A Russian embassy vehicle burst into flames only minutes after a civil servant had parked it near the mission in Stockholm, in an attack claimed by a group calling itself Global Intifada, police said on Wednesday. Does moving your arm like an orchestra conductor count as dancing? And does performing the song "U Can't Touch This" count as karaoke? The Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday approved ambassadors to Russia, France and Britain as it unanimously endorsed 16 nominees to domestic and foreign diplomatic posts. "While this is a very positive development, we are not complacent. This is not the time to drop our guard," Foreign Secretary Robin Cook said.
t4546 A policeman convicted of the murders of six people claimed Wednesday he had been acting on instructions of senior members of the Zulu nationalist Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP). Mike Fontenot and Alfonso Soriano homered off David Wells in the sixth inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the San Diego Padres 4-1, overcoming the efforts of two fans who reached over the outfield wall at Wrigley Field on Friday. No commercial flights will be permitted in Finland until 6:00 pm (1500 GMT) Monday at the earliest, airport operator Finavia said, cautioning a giant cloud of volcanic ash would remain over the country for several days. The Rangers are admitting that their best lineup right now does not include Everett in center field because his knee is still not at full strength. Prince Rainier of Monaco, who has been in hospital since March 7 with a lung ailment, remained in intensive care Wednesday after taking a turn for the worse, several sources said. Despite political pressure for a change of course in Iraq, the White House hopes to keep in place its existing military strategy and troop levels there after the mid-September report from Army Gen. David H. Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan C. Crocker, administration officials said. In his Big Apple debut, President Bush made it to two of New York's most famous sites, welcoming new citizens at Ellis Island and honoring the late Cardinal John O'Connor at St. Patrick's Cathedral. U.S. President Bill Clinton on Saturday called for patience and unity amid controversy on count and recount results of presidential votes in Florida.
t9937 Prime Minister Edouard Balladur said Friday he was against US-style labour deregulation, arguing that it could jeapordize the fight against unemployment which was his top priority. Scoreboard at stumps Monday on the first day of the first cricket test between Sri Lanka and Bangladesh at Sinhalese Sports Club ground: For the third time in as many days, President Barack Obama's Republican foes in the US Senate thwarted Democratic efforts to launch debate on sweeping legislation to rein in Wall Street. Austin's retired Bishop John McCarthy tells a story of visiting Waco's Sacred Heart Catholic Church a few years ago and watching some of its parishioners hard at work making tamales. US regulators Monday grilled Warren Buffett, the legendary investor ranked the world's second-richest man, as they deepened a high-profile probe into murky financial dealings at the giant insurer AIG. I was introduced to Maserati at a particularly bad time in the company's often troubled history. It was 1989, the year Maserati joined Chrysler to launch the Chrysler TC by Maserati. The Los Angeles Galaxy traded midfielder Danny Pena to the Tampa Bay Mutiny for a conditional draft choice on Friday. Chinese legal experts proposed to amend the country's criminal code to include "sexual service" to Party and government officials as a crime of bribery, the Beijing-based China Youth Daily reported Thursday.
t9274 Twenty four people were injured Wednesday, two of them seriously, in a road accident in this northwest city between a bus and a truck, police said. Three Lebanese soldiers were killed and a fourth was critically injured on Saturday while dismantling a bomb placed by al-Qaida-inspired Islamic militants in a northern Palestinian refugee camp, officials said. Iran is expanding its diplomatic and economic ties with Venezuela but has no military presence in the South American country, a US general said on Tuesday. There should be a secret handshake or some sort of covert signal of recognition when you meet another person who owns a Leatherman tool. It is not that we are smug exactly, but we do have a notable little edge of confidence and capability. New York Yankees pitcher Carl Pavano was hospitalized Sunday after he was struck in the head by a line drive in the third inning of a game against Baltimore. Brownback, 50, who spent part of Thursday calling supporters to share his decision, was to make the announcement in Topeka, Kan., where he began his long-shot bid in January. The painstaking search for a missing California woman that has captured national media attention is hurting murder investigations in Washington, leaders of the police union said Thursday. Indonesia's foreign exchange reserves rose by 60.6 million U.S. dollars to 29.02 billion U.S. dollars as of the fourth week of November, the country's central bank said Monday.
t1105 The DASA aero group and Samsung Aerospace of South Korea have agreed to study the feasibility of building a regional transport jet with 100-120 seats, DASA said on Monday. Homer J. Stewart, an early pioneer of rocket research who helped develop the first successful U.S. satellite, Explorer I, has died. He was 91. Israel warned its nationals on Tuesday that there was an imminent risk of kidnap attempts by militants against holidaymakers in the neighbouring Sinai peninsula in Egypt. Ukrainians ignored government pressure and a stream of warnings from Russian politicians and gave an early lead in the parliamentary elections held on Sunday to a pro-Western party led by a popular former prime minister, Viktor Yushchenko. Japanese share prices closed 0.82 percent lower Thursday after Wall Street tumbled on record oil prices and a profit warning from the world's largest carmaker, General Motors, dealers said. U.S. soldiers in eastern Baghdad clashed with Shiite militiamen over several hours on Thursday, leaving at least 11 Iraqis dead and an unknown number injured, including two children wounded by shrapnel sprayed by a U.S. military attack helicopter, according to American soldiers who took part in the mission. Martha Chaput is back on the court after being treated for cancer and her teammates at Drake University couldn't be happier with her recovery. A fresh flood of Afghan refugees is pouring into Pakistan because of war, drought and a worse economic situation in Afghanistan, said a report here on Wednesday.
t5866 British author Salman Rushdie, still under an Iranian death threat over his book "The Satanic Verses", arrived here on Sunday under heavy police protection to hold meetings with the three main candidates in France's presidential race. U.S. and Iraqi forces launched attacks on the capital's northern and southern flanks to clear out Sunni insurgents, al-Qaida fighters and Shiite militiamen who were chased from the capital and Anbar province during the first four months of the Baghdad security operation, military officials said Monday. Being stranded in Asia as a cloud of volcanic ash over Europe causes air traffic chaos has taken a punitive toll on travellers marooned in Tokyo, one of the world's most expensive cities. When the planes hit the World Trade Center on Sept.11, Charlie Sayage was at home drinking his morning coffee and watching the news. In recognition of the divergence of opinion over euthanasia, a Japanese court refused Friday to jail a doctor convicted of murder for turning off the life support machine of a comatose patient. Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton announced Monday night that she will return $850,000 in campaign donations solicited by Norman Hsu, severing ties with a top fundraiser who was jailed last week after attempting to flee from criminal charges in California. Nykesha Sales scored 18 points and tied her career high with 10 rebounds Thursday night to lead the Orlando Miracle to a 72-69 victory over Charlotte, snapping the Sting's six-game winning streak. Southwest China's Chongqing Municipality is taking measures to ensure all its enterprises reach the national drainage standard by the end of the year.
t4757 Katja Seizinger of Germany won a super giant slalom here on Thursday to lift the World Cup title for the speciality and stake a powerful claim for the overall title. Foreign donors must pressure Cambodia's government to fight corruption, illegal logging and land-grabbing by the impoverished country's rich and powerful, Human Rights Watch said Saturday. Three flights carrying passengers will leave Amsterdam-Schiphol airport Monday evening for Shanghai, Dubai and New York, the Dutch transport minister announced. A fourth member of a close-knit group of friends who called themselves the ``Bastantes Locos Posse'' _ or Crazy Enough Posse _ is headed to prison for her role in the 1997 strangulation of a college student. Misery in Yemen continues to encourage child trafficking into Saudi Arabia, with widespread cases of parents paying smugglers to take on their offspring to work as beggars on the streets of the oil-rich neighbor. Goodness, gracious, there's no greatness in "Balls of Fury," a lifeless Ping-Pong comedy that ricochets from one flat gag to the next. The only novelty it can boast of is that it's a sports spoof in which Will Ferrell does not appear. Russian archaeologists found more than 1,000 pieces of gold and bronze jewelry and other items in a 5th-century B.C. grave in the southern Siberian region of Tuva, a news report said Wednesday. Iranian President Mohammad Khatami on Sunday proposed here a package solution to the decades-old Mideast conflict and the restoration of peace in the region.
t1582 The US administration is pursuing a policy of increasing trade and cooperation with the rapidly growing economies of South Asia, particularly India, lawmakers were told Tuesday. Carlos Zambrano mixed his pitches instead of his punches and hit his second homer of the season to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 2-1 win over the Houston Astros on Monday night. Santonio Holmes, the newest member of the New York Jets, was slapped with a four games suspension for violating the NFL's substance abuse programme. Dear Dr. Bombay: Since my computer crashed and had to be reloaded, I can't open any e-mail attachments. I am very cautious as to what I open, but there are some that I would really like to read. Could you give me some insight as to what might be European states will accept the candidacy of US deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz to head the World Bank, as they know a veto would reverse the thaw in transatlantic relations, analysts said Thursday. It was early morning when an odd noise awoke Tao Qunxian, a farmer in this village on the banks of Dongting Lake in Hunan province. He looked out his front door to see his entire rice paddy had disappeared overnight. The culprit was a seasonal pest: the eastern field A Turkish court ordered a Muslim preacher who is an American citizen held in jail to face charges of insulting the secular state, his lawyer said Tuesday. Shanghai Composite Index inched down 0.27 points or 0.01 percent at 1,967.41 on Friday, while Shanghai A-share Index, which tracked shares owned by domestic investors, closed at 2,085.50 points from yesterday's close of 2, 085.62.
t2431 China believes that the dollar's recent freefall against the yen will not affect its ability to repay foreign debt and that the country is sufficiently "mature" to face up to currency risks. Suspected al-Qaida insurgents early Wednesday destroyed the two minarets of the Askariya Shiite shrine in Samarra, authorities reported, in a repeat of a 2006 bombing that shattered its famous Golden Dome and unleashed a wave of retaliatory sectarian violence that still bloodies Iraq. European stock markets edged higher on Thursday as investors weighed fresh moves in the Greek debt crisis against mixed US economic data and very strong Chinese growth figures, dealers said. The Memphis Grizzlies were confused enough about whom to push for the NBA's Rookie of the Year award that they are running a dual campaign for Pau (pronounced pow) Gasol and Shane Battier. Ethiopia's food aid needs have probably been underestimated, the US envoy at the UN World Food Programme warned on a ambitious UN-backed "safety net" scheme which was intended to kick off in January but only got under way in mid-March, whereby food or money -- 70 US cents a The young man with the sandy-brown hair holds up an orange handbag that at first glance looks like an Hermes Birkin. His voice takes on an aggrieved tone and his mouth curls into a hint of a sneer. For Matt Rubinger, this fake designer handbag is especially insulting because University of Arkansas football player Lawrence Richardson and former teammate Lee Hayes pleaded guilty Thursday to a reduced charge of misdemeanor shoplifting. New Zealand has expressed that it will continue to support the United Nations' work to reach a peaceful, just and lasting solution to the Cyprus issue based on the U.N. framework of a bizonal, bicommunal federation.
t3007 Australia completed a 26-run triumph over West Indies in the second one-day international at Queen's Park Oval here on Saturday. Ruth Graham, the ailing wife of influential evangelist Billy Graham, fell into a coma and appears to be close to death, a family spokesman said. Chicago general manager Gar Forman downplayed last month's confrontation between coach Vinny Del Negro and executive John Paxson, as NBA commissioner David Stern said Wednesday he wanted to know more. St. John's wort apparently blunts the absorption of a common cancer drug, and the effect lasts weeks after people stop taking the popular herbal supplement, scientists reported Monday. Africans were the heroes of Austria's national film festival at a time when the far-right's racist slogans are again littering Vienna. Lee Hazlewood, a singer, songwriter and producer who crafted one of the iconic records of the 1960s -- Nancy Sinatra's ``These Boots Are Made for Walkin' '' -- then dropped out of sight at the height of his success and became a reclusive cult hero, died Saturday at his Mexican President Vicente Fox joined the annual Caribbean summit Friday and promised to fund technical and scientific programs in the region, part of a quiet campaign to win Mexico a coveted seat on the U.N. Security Council. Tanzania's ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM) has accused the main opposition party in Zanzibar, the Civic United Front (CUF), of encouraging chaos that led to annulment of Sunday's polls in 16 constituencies in the semiautonomous Indian Ocean archipelago.
t7912 Northern Ireland police have uncovered an arms cache including weapons and bomb-making equipment in a Protestant district of Belfast, a Royal Ulster Constabulary spokesman said Saturday. A founding member of an outlawed religious sect accused of beheading its victims was sentenced Thursday to five years in prison on gun and drug charges. Jim Edmonds homered and Ryan Braun drove in five runs as the Milwaukee Brewers compiled 25 hits to bash the Pittsburgh Pirates 20-0 on Thursday. It is not often that a correction must be made to a poem. But when the subject is the mercurial science of particle physics, that is the risk a writer takes. Hearts will be gunning for their second win over Celtic in the space of eight days when the two sides meet in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. -- The Celestial Searchers meet one evening a month at a school in Glenwood, Md. The club is open to students in kindergarten through eighth grade. Go to www.goodteeth.com/pluto.htm for more information. Rep. Gary Condit returned to Capitol Hill on Tuesday while police searched Washington parks for any sign of Chandra Levy, the former federal intern from California who's been missing for 2 1/2 months. Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano has called on all citizens to cement national unity and diminish all factors that might divide Mozambicans.
t3849 The government was to hold an unprecedented meeting here in south Lebanon on Tuesday as an Israeli-backed militia threatened to shell the town if provoked by Hezbollah guerrillas. Eddie Pope will retire at the end of the season, the Real Salt Lake defender and United States player's 12th in Major League Soccer. Two suicide bombers dressed in burqas struck a crowd of displaced people collecting aid handouts, killing at least 41 and wounding more than 60 on Saturday at a camp in northwest Pakistan. The American sculptor H.C. Westermann (1922-1981) is a hard nut to crack. Just when you think you've sorted out your feelings about his work, he does something disconcertingly sexist, corny or obvious. Walking through his large retrospective at the Hirshhorn Museum here is a little like being in a Indian scientists said Tuesday they have developed a "tea pill" which can be carried in the pocket to be chewed when desired for the same refreshing effect as a freshly-brewed cuppa. Since the dawn of youth culture, when it was first determined that adolescents were not to be trusted to play themselves, teens on screens have been glamorized or caricaturized, stripped of complexity and much of their clothes and prevailed upon to do things such as violate baked goods in Goran Ivanisevic claimed one of the most stunning championships in Wimbledon history Monday, beating Patrick Rafter in five sets after barely getting into the tournament. A U.S. leading manufacturer and designer of liquid crystal display (LCD) modules announced Tuesday the establishment of a full service design engineering center in Beijing, China.
t1493 Gunmen on a motorbike killed three people, including a senior member of the Shiite political party Tehreek Jaferia Pakistan, Tuesday in Lahore, police said. The U.S. dollar was trading at 121.78 yen at 8:50 a.m. Tuesday (2350 GMT Monday), up from 121.77 yen late Monday in New York. The interim authorities in Kyrgyzstan on Tuesday stripped ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev of his immunity to prosecution, warning he will be arrested unless he surrenders. LOS ANGELES-- Barry Bonds grimaced at the inevitable expectations of another record-setting home run season. So he warned us before the season began. Said it might never happen again. That fans should appreciate what had been done. And not to expect it again. The index of leading US economic indicators, a forward-looking gauge of US activity, increased 0.1 percent in February, the Conference Board said Thursday. U.S. and Iranian officials have agreed to a second round of their groundbreaking, face-to-face talks over conditions in Iraq, Iraqi officials said Tuesday. Jennifer Capriati kept her Grand Slam dream alive Tuesday with a dramatic comeback from near-defeat to a dominating finish against Serena Williams. Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe Wednesday threatened to revoke the national reconciliation policy and bring to trial of the whites, including former Prime Minister Ian Smith, for the genocide committed during the independence struggle in the 1970s.
t2835 China is interested in manufacturing Sukhoi-27 fighters under Russian licence but Moscow thinks that Beijing should first buy 100-150 of the aircraft, Russian military officials were quoted as saying Saturday. Sir Wally Herbert, the first man to cross the entire frozen surface of the Arctic Ocean on foot, has died, a friend of the polar explorer said Wednesday. He was 72. A breakaway ultra-conservative Catholic group ordered British bishop Richard Williamson not to speak in public or testify at his trial for denying the Holocaust, German media reported Thursday. Recent unrest in Afghanistan, including a bombing and shooting Monday, do not indicate major problems for the stability of the country's government, according to U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. Benfica midfielder Armando Petit suffered a rib injury on Saturday and will miss Portugal's friendly against Canada next weekend and the World Cup qualifier against Slovakia on March 30. Continued strong results from The Washington Post Co.'s education and cable subsidiaries pushed second-quarter revenue higher, but declines at the company's newspaper and magazine divisions continued and pulled down profit. Juan Antonio Samaranch arrived in Moscow on Friday, 10 days before the end of his 21-year reign as IOC president. Japanese and U.S. armed forces began a large-scale, 17-day military exercise in and around Japan on Thursday, Kyodo News reported.
t5525 Despite a lack of charisma, a slow, stuffy way of talking and a poor public image, Finland's Social Democrat opposition leader Paavo Lipponen looks set to become the country's next prime minister in elections Sunday. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas of Fatah dissolved the National Security Council on Monday, in a further bid to weaken the rival Hamas group. The US government said Tuesday it has no plans to evacuate Americans stranded in Europe because of the cloud of volcanic ash disrupting flights there. Marketplaces change at blinding speed, and competitive advantage can be quickly lost. You need your employees to think innovatively, but you don't want to encourage bad business decisions. A Lebanese athletic association said Thursday it would stage a "marathon for unity" on April 10, with runners setting out from Martyrs Square and the grave of slain former prime minister Rafiq Hariri. Here we are again: the time of year that UPS, FedEx and DHL just love -- all that money to be made from TV networks wooing TV critics to love their new fall slates. Sitting under the stars in an 18th-century Arab fort, Zanzibaris wearing colorful African cloth, Indian saris, long Arabic robes or blue jeans are watching movies: first, a documentary about a guitarist from Mali, then a feature film from India. Party registration for Thailand's January 6 general election begins early Wednesday morning in the Thai-Japanese Youth Center here, local TV reported.
t884 Vietnamese Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet has called for tough measures to be taken against the illegal trade in timber as the country faces a crisis over deforestion, a report said Monday. Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards used his birthday fundraiser -- an event light on cash but heavy on voters -- to urge his shallow-pocket supporters to donate their time to help mobilize his campaign. Thailand's anti-government "Red Shirts" paraded the bodies of dead protesters though the tense capital Monday and said the time for negotiation was over after the worst political unrest in 18 years. Calling Yasser Arafat ``the enemy of the entire free world,'' Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday declared Israel to be at war. He spoke after a suicide bomber blew himself apart in a restaurant in the seaside city of Haifa, Israel, killing at least 14 other people, while Israel A giant billboard praising war crimes fugitive Ante Gotovina appeared Wednesday in downtown Zagreb as EU ministers agreed to delay accession talks with the Balkan country for failing to arrest him. Federal employees would receive a 3.5 percent pay raise next year under a spending bill approved Tuesday by the Senate Appropriations financial services and general government subcommittee. United Airlines is abandoning its $4.3 billion purchase of US Airways, citing regulatory problems and the worsening economy, according to published reports. Hong Kong stocks slide below the 15,000 support level on Tuesday, mainly dragged down by the big fall in the shares of Internet and telecoms group Pacific Century Cyber Works.
t3117 A Bosnian Serb military tribunal has charged a Bosnian Croat soldier with "crimes against humanity," the Bosnian Serb news agency SRNA said Sunday in a report monitored here. China said Thursday that a climate change agreement reached at last week's G-8 summit was a good start, but that more specific details are needed on how developed countries will contribute. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will give the opening speech at a weekend nuclear disarmament conference to be attended by 24 foreign and deputy foreign ministers, official media reported. Four people, including a Manhattan lawyer, were indicted Tuesday on charges that they helped to funnel information between an Egyptian terrorist regime and its leader, who is serving a life sentence in a U.S. prison. The US Senate on Sunday passed legislation that congressional leaders hope will keep alive a heavily brain-damaged Florida woman, who has been fed artificially for 15 years. For a moment, at a town-hall campaign stop here on the eastern edge of Iowa, Rudy Giuliani's face clouded over. Boston Red Sox ace Pedro Martinez will take off the entire month of July to rest his ailing right shoulder, he said Friday. Veterinary officials have started culling an estimated 7,000 cattle and 2,000 goats in areas in South Africa's northeastern Province of KwaZulu-Natal hard hit by the latest outbreak of Foot-and-Mouth disease.
t5190 Technical experts investigating the cause of the sinking of the Estonia car-ferry have not found any evidence to support claims that badly executed repairs caused the catastrophe in which 912 people died. Andy Roddick saved a match point in the second set before beating Nicolas Mahut 4-6, 7-6 (7), 7-6 (2) Sunday to win his fourth title at the Queen's Club grass-court championship. Australia's competition watchdog Monday rejected National Australia Bank's proposed 12.2 billion US dollar takeover of AXA Asia Pacific Holdings (AXA), but did not oppose a rival bid by Australia's AMP. When 1,000 red, white and blue balloons were sent soaring into the air at the end of this year's Huntington Little League parade, the gesture was meant as a stirring tribute to local heroes. The parents of Terri Schiavo, a brain-damaged Florida woman who has been in a persistent vegetative state for the past 15 years, appealed late Wednesday to the US Supreme Court, seeking an order to resume their daughter's feeding through a tube, a court official said. None of the 15 children at the center was injured. But frantic parents, angry over the government's inability to protect Sderot from near-daily rocket fire, pulled the town's 2,500 schoolchildren out of classes and vowed to keep them home until they got fortified classrooms or were transferred. Legislation offering taxpayers a few dollars for giving to charity passed a House committee Wednesday after Republicans shrank President Bush's much more generous plan. Zhang Wannian, vice-chairman of the Central Military Commission, met Tuesday with Valeri Manilov, first deputy chief of general staff of Russian armed forces.
t8675 The Royal Navy is close to securing a deal to equip its vessels with US Tomahawk cruise missiles, at a total cost of about 200 million pounds (300 million dollars), the Daily Telegraph said Tuesday. Talk of a Spice Girl reunion has swirled for weeks - boosted by Sporty Spice herself -- and on Friday the vivacious five said they would make an announcement next week about their "future." The United States admitted its concern about Iraq's stumbling democracy on Monday, urging the country's leaders to "get this show on the road" and form a new government almost seven weeks after elections. Disagreements over health assistance to workers laid off as a result of foreign imports threatened Tuesday to derail a high profile package of trade bills. Three second half tries sealed a 23-6 win for the Auckland Blues over the Golden Cats in a Super 12 rugby match which never reached great heights in greasy conditions here Saturday. A United Nations report issued Thursday outlined an "ever deepening humanitarian crisis" in Iraq, with thousands of people driven from their homes each month, ongoing indiscriminate killings, and "routine torture" in Iraqi prisons. Tsuyoshi Shinjo doubled home Joe McEwing in the 11th inning as the New York Mets extended their season-best winning streak to five games with a 4-3 victory Wednesday night over the Florida Marlins. Miami Heat forward Don MacLean was suspended five games Wednesday without pay by the NBA for violating the steroid policy of the league and the NBA Players Association.
t8134 Police investigating the Tokyo subway gas attack carried out new raids Sunday on the Aum Supreme Truth sect after saying for the first time the apocalyptic cult was suspected of preparing murder. Stocks lurched higher after a back-and-forth session Thursday as investors appeared to set aside some interest rate concerns and take a dose of upbeat economic data at face value. Israeli troops shot and wounded three Palestinians and a Maltese woman in the Gaza Strip on Saturday during a protest near the border with Israel, witnesses and medical sources said. Cardinal Bernard F. Law, Boston's embattled archbishop, celebrating Mass here on Sunday said that even if the Roman Catholic bishops in the United States worked out new guidelines for handling sexual abuse by clergy at the annual meeting of bishops in June, the proposals would still have to be Britain's government pledged an emergency rescue package Friday as the collapse of talks between carmaker MG Rover and a proposed Chinese partner threatened thousands of jobs just weeks before a general election. But at least for a moment this week, they were still the Painted Demons, the elite sniper unit that struck fear in the so-called triangle of death south of Baghdad. That couldn't be taken away: not by breaking them up, as the Army had done, and not even by When the clock struck midnight, free agents were supposed to be able to sign new contracts. Instead, a late-night argument by attorneys for the league and the players' union forced everyone to wait. Nepal's economy is projected to grow at six percent in the fiscal year 2000/01, an impressive growth rate for the second consecutive year, according to the Nepali Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS).
t3963 Two gypsy children were seriously injured Tuesday by a doll containing an explosive device given to them by a motorist as they begged here, police said. A house that a 73-year-old tycoon bought for his mistress belongs to her and he cannot have it back, a court has ruled in a landmark judgment establishing legal rights of extramarital lovers in Malaysia. The Vienna marathon, scheduled for Sunday, is likely to be hit by the transport chaos sparked by Iceland's volcanic eruption with up to 2,000 runners in danger of missing the race, organisers said Saturday. Warning that the United States remains susceptible to a terrorist attack because of bureaucratic inertia, bungling and infighting, backers of creating a powerful Cabinet-level homeland security department renewed their campaign Thursday. Indian off-spinner Harbhajan Singh will not be ordered to stop bowling his 'doosra' delivery despite being reported for a suspect bowling action, coach John Wright said on Tuesday. Russian President Vladimir V. Putin announced on Friday reinstatement of the Soviet-era practice of having nuclear bombers routinely fly long-distance flights that bring them within striking distance of the United States and its allies. The United States has offered troops to a potential NATO mission in Macedonia - but only in a supporting role, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Monday. A seminar on modernization of the country's Tibetan regions opened here today. Some 70 scholars and officials will attend the three-day event to give advice on development of the Tibetan ethnic group.
t3031 More than 600 experts from international firms are due to attend a major gas conference which opens Monday in the Gulf state of Qatar where some of the world's largest gas reserves have been discovered. Japan will get its first nursing home for dogs with round-the-clock monitoring by doctors and a team of puppies to help aging pooches feel younger, a pet products company said. Four Spanish soldiers were killed Friday when their helicopter crashed in a mountainous area near Haiti's border with the Dominican Republic, the UN Stabilization Mission in Haiti said. If you want additional evidence that the Florida legislature is not doing its job, you need look no further than our pathetic number of state symbols. Iran is to establish a secret nuclear engineering faculty within a year to provide engineers for what the United States claims is a covert project to develop atomic weapons, a Western intelligence source told AFP. With President Bush and the Republican Party on the rocks, many Democrats think the 2008 election will be, to borrow a favorite GOP phrase, a cakewalk. Some liberals are so confident about Democratic prospects that they contend the centrism that vaulted Democrats to victory in the 1990s no longer President Bush's 19-year-old daughter Jenna was fined $600 Friday and her driver's license was suspended for 30 days on charges of underage drinking and trying to use someone else's ID to buy liquor. The Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) has been urged to guard against counterfeit certificates of origin two days after it kicked off a Free Trade Area (FTA), the first of its kind in Africa.
t3252 Hungary's central bank devalued the forint by nine percent effective Monday against a basket of western currencies, the government said after an emergency meeting Sunday. The euro drifted lower against the U.S. dollar in trading Thursday, but remained off its two-month lows, buoyed by a forecast of more growth in Germany. Bank of America returned to profit in the first quarter of this year, the firm said Friday, reporting better than expected net income of 3.2 billion dollars. Lance Loud, who died last December at the age of 50, was a wild child of the media age. Even his name sounded like a campy invention, as if he had been christened by Andy Warhol. A member of the first generation raised on television, Loud grew up to Oil futures retreated in Asian trade Monday after Saudi Arabia issued its strongest statement yet that the kingdom is capable of raising output to ease soaring crude prices, dealers said. Hollywood security guard Lillian Price marched determinedly along the Walk of Fame, anxious to investigate this missing person case personally. Bosnia's former president and Muslim leader Alija Izetbegovic hopes his new book, an autobiography titled ``Memories,'' will help heal his war-shattered homeland. An African AIDS conference concluded here Saturday with an African appeal for a mutually beneficial partnership with the U.S. public and private sectors in their fight against HIV/AIDS epidemic, which is spinning out of control on the continent.
t259 One of trio of brothers reputed to run Colombia's notorious Cali cocaine cartel, Jorge Rodriguez Orejuela, was been arrested here at the home of a fortune-teller, an elite army unit said. Chinese President Hu Jintao and Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf on Saturday welcomed the replica of an 18th century merchant ship to its home port after a 20-month roundtrip to Asia. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir, who is virtually guaranteed re-election in a three-day vote that began Sunday, is a career soldier with Islamist leanings accused of war crimes by the International Criminal Court. When Jodie Foster's ``Panic Room'' comes to the nation's theaters this week, Patti will buy her ticket and a tub of popcorn and enjoy herself. Three children drowned in a crowded hotel swimming pool at a popular beach resort in Malaysia, a report said Wednesday. Two men crashed a car into the main doors of the Glasgow airport Saturday, and it exploded in a ball of flames just inside the terminal. Authorities arrested the men and shut down Scotland's busiest airport, but there were no reports of casualties among passengers or other visitors. Secretary of State Colin Powell voiced doubt Friday that a U.S.-British plan to overhaul sanctions on Iraq would be approved soon by the U.N. Security Council. The problem is Russia, which is holding out. The Netherlands will contribute 700 peacekeepers, helicopter units and support personnel, the Dutch embassy said in a press available on Saturday.
t2093 Industrialised nations are Friday expected to release several hundred million dollars in aid to Zimbabwe at a donors' club meeting held under World Bank auspices in Paris, bank officials said. U.S. health authorities released nine passengers who were ill on a flight from Mexico to Miami International Airport on Tuesday. World oil prices rebounded on Wednesday, before publication of the weekly US stocks report, as traders reacted to forecasts of stronger energy demand from the International Energy Agency. Shaquille O'Neal has nothing more than a sprain in his right wrist, doctors determined Thursday, but the Los Angeles Lakers center probably will miss tonight's game against the Boston Celtics and his status beyond that is uncertain. German supermodel Heidi Klum, who is engaged to British-born singer Seal, is expecting her second child, she announced on her personal website on Friday. For seven years, proponents have been trying to get the Food and Drug Administration to regulate cigarettes, and President Bush has firmly opposed. Ban investment in Cuba, even as foreign competitors scoop up big contracts. Punish foreign companies that do business with Iran and Libya. Cut foreign aid from countries to cover their unpaid New York City parking tickets. Upon his arrival here Monday morning, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat immediately went into talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on the situation in the Palestinian territories, the official Middle East News Agency reported.
t2759 The woman who discovered Anne Frank's diary after she was taken by the Nazis in 1944 said here Friday she would have destroyed it if she had read it. Boeing Co. on Wednesday boosted its 20-year market projections for new commercial jets to $2.8 trillion (euro2.1 trillion), up about $200 billion (euro150.5 billion) from its forecast last year, citing a growing demand for regional, single-aisle and twin-aisle jets that airlines want for nonstop routes. Nine people were killed and more than 60 injured Thursday when three bombs exploded in a park in Myanmar's commercial hub Yangon, an official in the military-ruled country said. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of MONDAY, APRIL 8, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Formula One faces the prospect of an almost-certain and "disastrous" split into two racing series in 2008, Minardi chief Paul Stoddart warned on Sunday. Call it the post-rehab look -- eyes heavy with ``it's so late it's early'' confusion, a head scarf cinched around unkempt hair, an armload of string bracelets and frayed cutoff shorts. This summer, hyper-styled and coiffed starlets such as Nicole Richie, Mary-Kate Olsen and Lindsay Lohan have adopted a Russia has invited the four other leading nuclear powers to start a permanent consultation process that would encourage deeper nuclear arms cuts and help preserve the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, a senior Foreign Ministry official said Friday. The military mutiny involving former supporters of Fiji's coup in May was tragic for the Pacific nation, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Thursday.
t4769 A South Korean government mission will ask Japan to push back plans to resume normalization talks with North Korea, officials announced Thursday. Soldiers in scarlet tunics and bearskin hats marched in formation Saturday -- a showcase of Britain's best pomp and pageantry -- to celebrate the birthday of Queen Elizabeth II. The head of Qatar Airways complained Monday that the carrier was losing 5.5 million dollars a day due to flight bans imposed in Europe because of volcanic ash clouds. It was 11 minutes after 2 on a gray Patriots Day afternoon when an already beleaguered Red Sox closer named Ugueth Urbina let loose with a 3-2 change-up to the Yankees' John Vander Wal, with the tying run at third base, the lead run at second and Fenway Park EU leaders rallied round French President Jacques Chirac on Wednesday calling for a revision of controversial EU economic reform plans which are fueling anti-EU sentiment in France ahead of a crucial vote. Rising from a familiar morass of Ninth Ward wreckage is a cluster of modest, brightly-painted new homes. More are being built every day by a seemingly endless workforce of out-of-town volunteers. A German businessman accused of breaking a U.S. arms embargo against Iran was being held without bond after waiving extradition to New York. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak, who was in London on his way to Washington, has decided to return home after a hijacked Russian passenger plane landed in Israel earlier Sunday.
t3737 A pilot died and a passenger suffered slight injuries Monday when their World War II twin-engined aircraft nose-dived into the ground in southern England, police said. JP Morgan Chase &amp; Co. agreed long ago to become the first private company to occupy office space at the World Trade Center site. But negotiations over tax incentives and other perks went on for months, officials have said, and the bank suggested it would leave New York if Chinese teenager Zhang Anda produced an impressive fight-back against former champion Stephen Hendry to trail 5-4 in Saturday's World Championship first round clash. After the trauma of Sept. 11, there was much public debate over whether the intelligence agencies of the United States had failed to detect the plot against the country. Anyone who doubts that those agencies can commit colossal blunders should delve into the strange and alarming case of Wen When German teams are locked in a title showdown with Bayern Munich they often tend to fold like a cards player holding a bad hand and Schalke 04's 2-1 defeat by lowly Mainz 05 on Sunday suggest the Ruhr club may be the latest team to choke under the It's difficult not to read John McCain's new book, ``Hard Call,'' without feeling that the pages echo with what might have been. George W. Bush got to know Iowa's campaign trail when he stumped for the state's leadoff precinct caucuses, and he has moved aggressively to strengthen those ties since taking office. Eight people, including three children and one woman, were killed when a bus fell from a bridge outside Georgian capital Tbilisi on Monday evening, the Interfax news agency reported Tuesday.
t3650 Nick Leeson, the young British trader blamed for the collapse of Barings bank, told a judge Monday he wanted to be extradited to Britain and refused to respond to forgery charges against him by Singapore, a German official said. A judge has dismissed illegal weapons charges against Fabolous that put the Brooklyn rapper behind bars for a night last October. Defending champions Perpignan take on Toulon in Marseille's Velodrome stadium Saturday in a French Top 14 top-two clash that has all the trappings of a preview of the final. Susan Gallagher received an e-mail message two weeks ago from the lawyer for the Salesians, the Roman Catholic order of the priest who had sexually abused her and two of her brothers in New Jersey in the 1970s. It read like many others the order had sent her. A White House spokesman said Monday that presidential intervention in a fight over the fate of a Florida woman in a persistent vegetative state was extraordinary and applied only to the specific case. U.S. military operations associated with the troop surge in Baghdad have boosted the number of detainees held in American facilities in Iraq to roughly 23,000, up 5,000 from four months ago, according to Col. Mark Martins, the top Army military lawyer in Iraq. That number represents an all-time high A judge must decide whether a former Ku Klux Klansman is mentally competent to be placed on trial for murder in the deaths of four black girls killed in a 1963 church bombing. Bangladeshi planning officials are worried about the poor performance of some ministries and departments in implementing the Annual Development Program (ADP) projects, although average implementation rate in terms of spending last fiscal year was a ten-year high.
t3893 The head of the Israeli delegation, Yoel Singer, met with Erakat later Tuesday, ahead of talks between their delegations at a Cairo hotel. Engineers tested whether a bad power feed going into the Russian side of the international space station was causing failures in computers that control the outpost's orientation and produce oxygen. Air traffic remained seriously disrupted across Europe Saturday as a cloud of ash released from Iceland's volcanic eruption forced many countries to close their airspace. A multimillion-dollar state advertising campaign for Texas electric deregulation may need to be put on hold for fear of overwhelming the new system, a top state regulator has warned. A 21-year-old Muslim on trial for allegedly planning a suicide attack against Australian officials was "a dreamer" who invented the plot to draw media attention to himself, his lawyer said Tuesday. Question: Financial turmoil at Countrywide Financial Corp., the biggest U.S. mortgage lender, might have many people wondering if their home loans are in trouble. And what about funds deposited in Countrywide's affiliated savings and loan operation, Countrywide Bank? The reattached arm of an 8-year-old boy attacked by a shark is healing well but the boy remains unconscious and could have suffered brain damage, a doctor said Monday. Portuguese Environment Minister Jose Socrates Wednesday arrived in Maputo, capital of Mozambique for a two-day visit which is aimed at strengthening environmental cooperation between the two countries.
t1079 Leftist rebels launched a deadly overnight attack on a small town in northern Colombia, in which at least 15 people were killed, witnesses said Monday. Parliament voted Monday in a closed session to remove the speaker after a series of scandals involving the controversial lawmaker, legislators said. Mahmoud al-Mashhadani will be replaced by another Sunni Arab, they said. US First Lady Michelle Obama was due in Mexico on Tuesday for a three-day solo visit, following a surprise stopover in Haiti. Prosecutors admitted in federal court Monday that they have no evidence linking accused American Taliban solider John Walker Lindh to the murder of a CIA agent or direct attacks on Americans in Afghanistan. Hong Kong share prices ended the Thursday morning session flat, recovering from early losses sparked by Wall Street's sharp overnight downturn on support for key blue-chips, dealers said. Majority Leader Harry Reid tapped him last year to speak out on Iraq when Senate Democrats were getting clobbered by the White House. Hillary Clinton loves him, and Republican Chuck Hagel counts him among his best friends in the Senate. And the military guys respect the fact that Jack Pete Sampras' masterful run at Wimbledon ended stunningly Monday, his bid for a record-tying eighth title stopped by teen-ager Roger Federer. Chinese President Jiang Zemin today urged all members of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Chinese army and people to learn and uphold patriotism and revolutionary heroism of the Chinese People's Volunteers (CPV).
t8177 The Khmer Rouge on Sunday called the government in Phnom Penh a "fascist dictatorship" for wanting the closure of the United Nations Human Rights Center in Cambodia's capital. Blackstone Group LP on Thursday priced its highly-anticipated initial public offering at $31 (euro23.14) per share, at the high end of its expected range. Divers have reported seeing an unexploded rocket off the Israeli Red Sea resort of Eilat, an army spokesman said on Saturday, two days after two rockets struck in and around the adjacent Jordanian port of Aqaba. With All-Star catcher Ivan Rodriguez ensconced as the Rangers' everyday catcher, Haselman figured he would be behind the plate just once a week. A clergyman arrested in Japan for the sexual assault of a young girl may have abused more than 30 women and girls through the religious group he founded, news reports said Friday. U.S. employment rose by 110,000 jobs in September and a weak report in August was revised upward, offering signs that the economy continues to grow even as the nation wrestles with turmoil in the credit markets. Despite lingering pockets of weak sales, Coca-Cola Co. said Wednesday that second-quarter net income rose 22 percent as its retooled North American marketing campaign has begun showing results. China's Hainan Province has set a new target to increase its per capita gross domestic product ( GDP) to over 10,000 yuan (1,204 U.S. dollars) in five years.
t7652 US giant Westinghouse Electric Corp. is offering a 53-million-dollar package of radar systems and discounts on other products to settle lawsuits resulting from a mothballed nuclear plant here, an official said Friday. An international meeting of government and business leaders, including Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, will discuss Asian leadership and ways to manage risks to the region's growth, organizers said Thursday. Pope Benedict XVI on Friday accepted the resignation of Belgian Bishop Roger Vangheluwe, who has admitted sexually abusing a boy, the Vatican said. Big media companies, taking a lesson from the recent stumble of the biggest media company of them all, AOL Time Warner Inc., are rethinking their approaches to the Internet. Yemeni security forces and supporters of a slain rebel preacher were again involved in deadly clashes Tuesday in a resurgence of violence that has claimed 33 lives in the space of 24 hours. The federal Supermax prison in Florence, Colo., is home to some of the most high-profile criminals of the past decade, including several convicts who took part in terrorist plots. Tiger Woods still plans to play next year's New Zealand Open despite a threat by fellow players over the increased cost of ticket prices caused by his appearance. Kenyan Minister for Tourism, Trade and Industry Nicholas Biwott launched Friday here the program and publicity materials for the event which will be held from December 5 to 12.
t172 Embattled Winnie Mandela, implicated in an alleged kickback scam, Friday turned to the courts in a bid to salvage her battered reputation and her job as a South African government minister. The Iraqi Foreign Ministry said Saturday it has summoned Turkey's top diplomat in Baghdad to protest cross-border shelling into northern Iraq. "People started running and screaming. We were being shot at," says 19-year-old Briton Sarah Colvin, one of the many foreign tourists caught up in the political violence sweeping Bangkok. PHOENIX - Shaquille O'Neal barely can jump some nights, he's got two defenders sandwiching him at all times and is it any wonder that he's ditched the media after almost every game for the past two weeks? Former WorldCom chief executive Bernard Ebbers, the biggest fish in the biggest corporate collapse in US history, was convicted Tuesday on fraud charges, culminating a three-year criminal probe. The demise of the Senate immigration reform bill Thursday was a grim reminder of how much easier it is to block legislation on controversial issues than to pass it. Although the provisions were worked out by a bipartisan group of lawmakers, and President Bush had made it a top The Justice Department said Friday it will not challenge the planned sale of Sabre Inc.'s airline infrastructure technology to Electronic Data Systems after both companies said they would abandon an agreement to merge their airline reservation systems. Air France on Friday canceled hundreds of domestic flights and flights to European countries because of a four-day strike launched by its pilots and mechanics on the same day, the airways said in a communique.
t1958 French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe arrived here late Wednesday and is to be joined by his German and Spanish counterparts to explain an EU decision to freeze a trade accord with Russia because of the war in Chechnya. Consumer prices rose 4.3 percent on the year in May, a slight increase from the 4.2 percent annual rate in April, the government said Tuesday. Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erakat charges that Israel has become an "apartheid regime" worse than during South Africa's darkest hours and is doing its utmost to sabotage any two-state peace. The New York Stock Exchange is considering taking steps to help shore up investor confidence in corporate governance in the aftermath of Enron's collapse. The United States said Friday it has refused entry to hardline Hindu nationalist leader Narendra Modi, who is accused of complicity in a massacre of Muslims, prompting New Delhi to seek clarification. The car accident that severed Sergio Valencia's spine 30 years ago couldn't crush his spirit. He found meaning in the sea, where his powerful swimming stroke dragged his paralyzed legs across the Strait of Gibraltar and several island-to-mainland spans off Baja California. Nerves were frayed and tempers were short. Six years of being on the road more than 300 days, year in and year out, had taken their toll. Second seed Swede Thomas Enquist and home youngster Roger Federer cruised into the final of the Swiss Indoor tennis championship in Basle, Switzerland on Saturday.
t5810 Jacques Santer, president of the European Commission, called Sunday for concerted intervention on international money markets by the Group of Seven nations along the lines of the Plaza and Louvre agreements of the late 1980s. Israel's parliament on Monday confirmed the appointment of Ehud Barak as defense minister, consolidating the political comeback of the former prime minister at a time of heightened security concerns on Israel's southern and northern borders. Tuna sushi bought at a range of US restaurants and supermarkets had mercury that breached levels set by health watchdogs, a study published on Wednesday said. First, the bad economic news: New York City's unemployment rate continued to climb in March to 7.5 percent, the highest level since 1998, the New York State Department of Labor reported Thursday. Beijing-backed scholars Friday warned Taiwan "secessionist forces" against any provocative actions or remarks at a million-strong protest against a new Chinese law threatening the island. If New Hampshire can offer Fred Thompson some advice, it's that he'd better start spending some time with New Hampshire. New Hampshire has a lot of questions for Fred and it doesn't like to be kept waiting. A demand by Israel that the United Nations hand over a videotape that may reveal who kidnapped three Israeli soldiers is aimed at discrediting the world body, Lebanese officials said Thursday. The annual birth rate in Vietnam has dropped to 1.7 percent but the challenges have remained for the country's family planning sector, local daily Vietnam News ( VNS) reported Thursday.
t7800 The five declared nuclear powers Friday took the unprecedented step of jointly proposing security guarantees to non-nuclear states that sign a non-proliferation treaty. British engineering company Weir Group PLC said Thursday it agreed to buy SPM Flow Control for US$653 million (euro486.4 million) in cash. Iceland's main international airport Reykjavik-Keflavik closed on Friday until at least noon (1200 GMT) due to ash spewing from the Eyjafjoell volcano, the Isavia airport authority said. The mystery man expected to take over as China's leader this fall starts his first visit ever to the United States this weekend in a diplomatic debut that will be as closely watched at home as abroad. The UN Security Council voted Thursday to set up an international inquiry into the assassination of former Lebanese premier Rafiq Hariri. A suicide attacker laden with explosives blew himself up near a police commuter bus in downtown Kabul early Tuesday, killing at least 11 people, including three children, Afghan security officials said. When Sheila Matthews' son was in first grade, a school psychologist diagnosed him with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and gave his parents information on Ritalin. Russia, inspired by world champion Alexei Yagudin, dominated the Lalique Trophy figure skating grand prix on Saturday, winning three of the four events.
t6527 Strikers at Kuwait's biggest oil company and the government refused to budge Tuesday as the crisis which threatens the emirate's crude production entered its fourth day. Indian captain Rahul Dravid said Tuesday he is keen to clinch the upcoming test series on what will be his final tour of England with the national team. Stepped up naval patrols in the Gulf of Aden have contributed to a worldwide decline in pirate attacks, although the risk of piracy off Somalia remained high, a maritime watchdog said Wednesday. Even an acknowledged musical legend sometimes sings the blues, and Ray Charles has been known to complain in recent years about what he saw as a lack of promotional support for his albums from his record companies. With his new album, however, such complaints are unlikely, because Charles is Philippines police said they defused an explosive device found near the Spanish embassy in Manila late Saturday, as security forces were on alert after warnings of attacks over the Easter period. Four years ago, outgoing Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt called his nation "the laboratory of European unification." In 1989, then-Prime Minister Wilfried Martens referred to Belgium as "the prototype of Europe." The Federal Belgian State, he proclaimed, "is a prefiguration of a Europe of peoples, united in their organized Some questions and answers about the search for former federal intern Chandra Levy, and her connection to Rep. Gary Condit, D-Calif.: Japan's global merchandise trade surplus fell 40.8 percent in October from a year earlier to 692.6 billion yen (6.4 billion U.S. dollars), the Finance Ministry said Monday.
t3996 A Palestinian policeman shot dead a 10-year-old child by accident in the Gaza Strip on Tuesday during a visit by British Prime Minister John Major, police said. Jockey Andrew Lakeman is paralyzed from the waist down as a result of a fall during a race at Belmont Park last month, the Daily Racing Form reported. Elections just held in Sudan "struggled to meet international standards," EU vote monitoring chief Veronique de Keyser told a news conference in Khartoum on Saturday. In November the world's first cloned baby could be born, if reports this week are to be believed. But cloning experts are horrified and say that even if the baby is healthy, the mother could be at a high risk of a rare invasive womb cancer. Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev, whose 15-year-rule is being questioned amid weeklong protests over a parliamentary election, has long been considered the most liberal leader in post-Soviet Central Asia. The deaths of three rescuers caught in an explosive coal blowout while digging toward a team of trapped miners left this mining region torn Friday over how to proceed as federal officials suspended their disastrous underground search. One person is suspected to have died of Legionnaires' disease and 71 people have been diagnosed with the illness in this southeastern Spanish city, the regional government said Monday. Israel has ordered the closure of the Rafah crossing between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, and the Palestinian airport at Rafah on Wednesday after a shootout between Palestinian gunmen and Israeli troops.
t1221 The sale here of Chinese porcelains retrieved from the wreck of the British merchant ship Diana, which sank in 1817 off Malaysia, fetched around two million dollars on Monday, the auctioneering firm Christie's announced. Last summer it was Israeli airstrikes and Hezbollah rockets. This year, it's al-Qaida-inspired militants and explosions keeping tourists away. This tiny, trouble-plagued country is once again set to lose millions of much-needed tourism dollars because of unrest. A queue of mourners snaked through Poland's presidential palace Tuesday where president Lech Kaczynski and his wife lay in state as thousands poured into Warsaw to pay their last respects. For the second time in a month, a witness told a judge in Brooklyn on Monday that the wrong man was convicted of murder at a trial before that judge in 1990. German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder announced on Thursday a programme to invest two billion euros (2.7 billion dollars) in transport projects in order to help stimulate the country's ailing construction industry. Henry Kulbaski, a uniformed Secret Service agent who played the accordion on the South Lawn for President John F. Kennedy and ordered an errant aircraft shot down over the White House in 1974, died of cancer June 17 at Geisinger Hospital in Wilkes-Barre, Pa. He was 74. Chicago's two top draft picks will be on the team's roster for two summer leagues, the L.A. Summer Pro League and the Rocky Mountain Revue. Brunei, the host of the APEC Leaders' Meeting in mid-November, has framed the theme " Delivering To The Community" for the meeting, which "contains a very balanced agenda", Hamid Mohd Jaafar, director of APEC National Secretariat of Brunei, told Xinhua.
t7303 US Vice President Al Gore reaffirmed Washington's "unshakeable commitment" to Israel's security at the start of a two-day official visit here Thursday. Trends in the latest data on energy consumption and cement making indicate China has overtaken the United States as the world's top emitter of carbon dioxide, a Dutch environmental research group says. An armoured Hummer jeep rolled out of Manny Pacquiao's garage and past his boxing glove-shaped swimming pool, ready to take the world's best fighter on the election hustings. Q: I own several top quality wood chisels but they no longer shave the wood smooth when I have to make precise cuts. Indonesia on Tuesday issued a tsunami after a powerful earthquake measuring up to 8.2 on the Richter scale struck off the coast of its disaster-ravaged Sumatra island. The women in "Big Shots," to be fair, aren't much better. In fact, they're worse. They just don't get much screen time. Because the point of "Big Shots" is that high-powered men, surrounded by conniving female reporters, shrewish wives and demanding mistresses, can find sanctuary only in each other. The leading makers of semiconductor equipment expect industry sales to decline 35 percent in 2001 from the record $47.7 billion shipped in the previous year, according to a survey released Monday. The Ugandan national Ebola task force has confirmed another Ebola case in the country's western district of Masindi, the Monitor newspaper reported on Thursday.
t3047 The race to re-arm the Philippines, locked in a David and Goliath tiff with China in the Spratlys, remains wide open and Manila will consider even Chinese hardware if the price is right, Defense Secretary Renato de Villa said. Most Iraqi military units arriving in Baghdad for an American-led security crackdown have only 75 percent of their assigned soldiers, a senior U.S. Army general said Wednesday. Maicon scored a dazzling volley as Inter Milan went back to the top of the Serie A table with a hard-fought 2-0 victory over Juventus at the San Siro on Friday. As a rule I try to avoid any event that requires the participants to wear name tags of any kind. Odds are that when you encounter a group of people sporting those ``Hello, My Name Is ...'' stickers on their lapels, they're trying to sell you something, whether it's Paris St Germain gave their suffering fans a glimmer of hope with a 1-0 league victory over visitors Auxerre here Sunday which all but secured their top flight survival this season. Camping reservations are required, but individual sites at Hermit Gulch are first come, first served. Rangers sell charcoal, ice, compressed wood and propane; no wood fires are allowed. There are coin-operated hot showers and flush toilets; the restrooms were clean and well provisioned with soap and toilet paper. Pawtucket outfielder Izzy Alcantara has been dropped from the International League All-Star team for his part in a bench-clearing brawl with Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. The New Zealand sharemarket closed higher here Friday, breaking the four-day losing streak with leading stocks advancing further into positive territory.
t8206 Fire struck a vacant squatter area on Hong Kong Island on Sunday, sending a dark pillar of smoke over the territory and in full view of fans at an international Rugby Sevens tournament. Runaway inflation and the Zimbabwe dollar's worst crash in memory will increase pressure on President Robert Mugabe to allow free and fair elections, the main opposition leader said Thursday. Thailand's red-shirted protesters and the embattled government on Saturday deliberated over the first steps towards a peaceful solution to their long- running deadlock. It all comes down to one game. If the Bruins beat the Canadiens at the Molson Centre in Game 6 of their Eastern Conference quarterfinal series Monday night, they return to Boston for Tuesday night's Game 7. If they lose, they'll have all summer to analyze and ponder what Tibetan refugees living in India are planning to stage protests against Chinese rule of their homeland during a three-day visit by Prime Minister Wen Jiabao, an official said Friday. The total cost of the settlement is unclear, but women who worked at the company in the past eight years may pursue claims, according to papers filed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Chicago. President Bush set off Wednesday on a weeklong trip across Europe to promote international free trade as a tool for igniting the lagging economies of developing nations. U.S. Vice President Al Gore on Monday called for a "complete count" of presidential ballots cast in Florida, saying that he's pursuing legal challenges in order to assure greatest credibility for the outcome.
t4003 Cambodia urged the international community Tuesday to continue funding its reconstruction from 13 years of civil war, acknowledging concern over its human rights record and ability to keep order. Russia's security agency said Friday that it has opened an espionage case in connection with claims made by Andrei Lugovoi, the suspect named by Britain in the radiation poisoning death of former agent Alexander Litvinenko in London last year. Britain has extended a ban on most flights in its airspace until 1:00 am (0000 GMT) Sunday, as the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland was "moving around and changing shape", air authorities said. Hans kung, the great Catholic philosopher, author, and dissident, still remembers speaking at Boston College in March 1963. It was during the heady days of Vatican II, and the reception was enthusiastic as the young theologian, who served as a Vatican-appointed expert at the council, urged a spirit of Britain increasingly sees a proposal to lift the European Union's arms embargo on China as a mistake, analysts said Tuesday, amid increasing reports that London is pushing hard to delay the move. The political activists, brown envelopes tucked under their arms, staked out the high school gates just after sunrise. When students emerged from the graffiti-scorched streets of the Rio Piedra neighborhood here and began streaming toward their school, the pro-independence advocates ripped open the envelopes and began handing the teens A week before the vote, South Korea's Kim Un-yong received a boost for his IOC presidential hopes from an unlikely source _ the head of the U.S. Olympic Committee. A total of 8,850 AIDS cases were reported last year from 20 regions of Tanzania mainland, bringing the accumulative number of AIDS cases to 118,713 since the first case was reported in the eastern African country in 1973, the African newspaper reported on Wednesday.
t4258 Pakistan will extend a credit of 51.9 million dollars for a cement plant in the Central Asian republic of Kazakhstan, officials here said Wednesday. Cosmonauts aboard the international space station struggled for a second day Friday to try to reboot failed computers that control the orbiting outpost's orientation. Hardliner Dervis Eroglu led a Turkish Cypriot leadership poll Sunday after a 30-percent count but looked headed for a run-off against incumbent president Mehmet Ali Talat, election officials said. High above a brick building in Long Island City, in the New York City borough of Queens, two men sit perched on a ledge, their long legs dangling mid-air as the New York City skyline rises behind them. If not for the lights and cameras set up around them, Germany's Gerhard Schroeder and French President Jacques Chirac, seen as key winners from a deal to loosen EU fiscal rules, heaped praise Tuesday on the man who brokered the weekend accord. A federal appellate court on Tuesday upheld the fraud and corruption conviction of George H. Ryan, a legal blow that puts the former Illinois governor one step closer to serving the 6 1/2 year prison sentence for his role in a widespread corruption scandal. A giant mural by Josef Albers that has hung in the lobby of Manhattan's MetLife Building for years has been stored away for months as the lobby is being renovated, and the building's owners say they have no plans to rehang it. The Shenzhen B-share index rose 0.17 points or 0.14 percent to close at 119.22, approaching its intraday high of 119.82 points.
t6576 The dollar lost some ground against major currencies Tuesday, falling to a record low against the yen on rumors that the Bank of Japan will accept a weak greenback. Conrad Black's attorney accused prosecutors Tuesday of trying to prejudice jurors against the fallen media mogul by focusing on his affluent lifestyle while basing their racketeering and fraud case on the word of a former business partner he described as "a proven liar." More than 1,000 tonnes of Bangladeshi-made garments ordered by stores for the summer season have piled up at Dhaka airport because of the European aerial lock down, a cargo airline said Wednesday. By now, media executives, investors and even many consumers know that Jean-Marie Messier, chairman of Vivendi Universal of France, has come in for severe criticism in his home country for firing Pierre Lescure, the chief executive of Canal Plus, the company's French pay-television operation. World number one Annika Sorenstam surged to a five-stroke lead here Saturday after the third round of the LPGA Kraft Nabisco Championship, the year's first major women's golf event. Differences have emerged in the U.S. and British views of how to operate in southern Iraq, with U.S. officials encouraging the British to be more aggressive for as long as they keep troops there, said an American official closely familiar with Iraq policy. State Democratic leaders meeting here Saturday were under increasing pressure to condemn U.S. Rep. Gary Condit for his relationship with missing Washington intern Chandra Levy. Domestic banks should use the occasion of China's entry into the World Trade Organization as a reason to reform themselves and strengthen the domestic banking industry as a whole.
t2565 The foreign share of Japan's semi-conductor market rose to 22.4 percent for 1994, the first time it has passed the 20 percent minimum set under a 1991 agreement, US officials said Friday. Radical activists from Ireland's Green Party were voting Wednesday on forging a government alliance with Fianna Fail, a long-dominant party they have campaigned to oust from power. Greek air traffic controllers are to walk off the job for two days next week to protest against government cutbacks and an overhaul of civil aviation services, their union said on Thursday. Rankings reflect sales figures for the week ending March 30 at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other retailers, statistically weighted to represent sales in all such outlets nationwide. The number of titles within the two subdivisions of nonfiction can change from week to week, reflecting changes in Bayern Munich returned to the summit of the Bundesliga with a 3-1 comeback victory over struggling Hansa Rostock at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday. In his most direct denial yet, Gov. Eliot Spitzer said Tuesday that investigators would find no evidence he knew about or participated in his aides' plot to discredit state Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno. The world's first recipient of a self-contained artificial heart was put back on a ventilator Thursday but was awake and able to communicate with his family. Africa is expected to lose 2 million people this year due to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, the Post newspaper reported on Wednesday.
t9881 Dickson's team had such little hope of surviving, though, that members were booking airline reservations home and starting to pack. Shares fell across Asia on Monday as some investors grew cautious after a drop on Wall Street and others locked in profits after last week's winning streak on several markets. Greece has turned down proposals by the EU and IMF to cut salary bonuses under austerity measures to shore up its crisis-hit economy, the Greek labour minister said on Wednesday. Stainless steel tanks that look as if they could haul bulk milk actually hold the makings of mustard gas, the stuff that fashioned the special hell of World War I. Defending Monte Carlo Masters champion and 2004 French Open runner-up Guillermo Coria believes Roger Federer could endure another shattering Roland Garros heartbreaker this season. A two-year research project on how to market the government on college campuses indicates that e-mails touting hot jobs and cool internships, along with other low-cost outreach activities, could increase interest among students in working for Uncle Sam. Tampa Bay Devil Rays right-hander Albie Lopez left Friday night's game against the Texas Rangers with a sprained left ankle. Zambian Vice President Christon Tembo urged here on Thursday member countries of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) which have not joined the Free Trade Area (FTA )to join it earlier to benefit all the members.
t7601 South Korea is to formally apply for membership in the Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) next week, Deputy Prime Minister Hong Jae-Hyong said here Friday. Sammy Sosa's 600th homer resembled so many that came before -- except this time the Chicago Cubs were on the other side. India's third-biggest software company Wipro on Friday said fourth-quarter net profit rose more than a fifth as the firm bagged several large deals amid a broad uptick for the sector. ``Saudi Arabia made it clear, and has made it clear publicly, that they will not use oil as a weapon,'' Bush said after a five-hour session between the leaders at Bush's Texas ranch. The Philippines will lead pressure to strip Myanmar of the ASEAN chairmanship in 2006 during an international inter-parliamentary meeting, the country's top legislator said Tuesday. Col 1: Despite recent gains by Democrats in the Rocky Mountain West, party officials across the region are anxious that their congressional candidates might get dragged under by the local unpopularity of Hillary Rodham Clinton. (CAMPAIGN-WEST, moving Sunday.) Cols 2-5: Wild art of the Los Angeles Kings beating the A small but persistent air leak from a valve near the international space station's new passageway for spacewalkers won't prevent astronauts from using it for the first time this week, NASA officials said Tuesday. The United Nations has expressed the hope that the Turkish Cypriot leader Rauf Denktas will attend the next round of U.N.-sponsored proximity talks, scheduled for late January in Geneva.
t2046 South Korea's National Assembly failed to open Thursday as opposition lawmakers barricaded its speakers into their homes for a fourth straight day to prevent the ruling camp from changing election laws. Hard-line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- known for his calls for Israel's destruction and his lectures to the American president to heed God's word -- has appointed a council to compile and publish his speeches and writings. Spain's footballers have called off a strike over unpaid wages that would have disrupted matches in the country's top four leagues this weekend, after progress was made in talks to resolve the issue. U.S. Senate candidates Ron Kirk and Victor Morales set aside political politeness Thursday as they challenged each other's knowledge of various issues during a brief but feisty televised debate. Spain coach Luis Aragones said Friday that Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger should "forget about Luis Aragones" and bury a race row over the Spaniard's comments about French striker Thierry Henry dating back to October. Rep. Dan Boren stepped into the granite glare outside the Capitol and onto a blue bus with tinted windows bound for the Pentagon. Joining about 60 House colleagues and 20 senators from across the political spectrum, the Blue Dog Democrat from Oklahoma was headed to a classified briefing on Helmut Kohl won a court ruling Wednesday blocking the release of his conversations that were secretly recorded by East German spies, a victory in the former chancellor's attempts to defend his legacy as the leader who reunited Germany. Since the founding of the SAR in December 1999, the chief executive and senior officials of the SAR had worked in a leased office building.
t6331 The US Commerce Department may change the way it calculates gross domestic product (GDP) to take into account new products, an official said Monday. At least six people were taken hostage in a bank hold up south of Paris but released unharmed several hours later, authorities said. The two hostage-takers were arrested. The global economy will grow at a faster-than-expected rate of 4.2 percent this year, the International Monetary Fund said in a report published Wednesday. The 20 men knelt one by one before Pope John Paul II and bent forward. The pope, somewhat slumped on his chair near the altar of St. Peter's Basilica, laid his trembling hands on the bowed head of each as a choir sang ``Come, Holy Spirit.'' Jennifer Aniston has filed for divorce from Brad Pitt, quashing hopes of a happy ending for one of Hollywood's hottest couples. For antiwar Illinois Democrats, the speech that made them fall in love with Barack Obama was not the one he gave in Boston in 2004 at the Democratic National Convention, but one two years earlier at a hastily organized rally in Chicago on the eve of the congressional vote Two of the four firefighters killed in a forest-fire blow-up this week were in their first month on the job _ one of several factors investigators are examining in trying to figure out what went wrong. An Israeli diplomat was shot and wounded Sunday morning near his home in Jordanian capital of Amman when gunmen opened fire on his car.
t9012 The star of Oscar night sweeper "Forrest Gump" accepted his award gushing that it was "too unbelievable," but Tuesday's reviews panned the Academy Awards as one big predictable yawn. Top U.S. nuclear envoy says U.S and North Korea have agreed on three-week timeframe to shut down North's nuclear reactor. The price the Greek government must pay to borrow fresh funds shot above 9.0 percent on Monday for the first time since Greece joined the eurozone in 2001, despite an appeal by Athens for EU-IMF help. Someday it may be robo-rats to the rescue. Scientists reported Wednesday they have successfully wired and ``piloted'' live rats _ steering them over fences and up trees _ with radio signals from a joystick on a laptop computer. The Pakistani consul in Baghdad was reported missing Sunday, raising fears the diplomat had become the latest victim of Iraq's kidnapping scourge. The Darfur advocacy campaigns have familiarized the American public with the suffering and abuse visited on civilians in that region of western Sudan. The people of southern Sudan suffered no less during the years of civil war beginning in 1983. The successive governments in Khartoum had two weapons of Nokia's second-quarter net profit dropped by 16 percent despite a 10 percent rise in sales of cellular phones. It blamed slower growth in the cell phone market and economic uncertainty for the decline. China and Myanmar reached a memorandum of understanding (MOU) here Saturday on the implementation plan for outbound travel by Chinese citizens to Myanmar.
t1042 Vladimir Shumeiko, chairman of the upper house of Russia's parliament, began Monday a four-day trip to Israel during which he will prepare for the first visit by Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev. At least 47 people were killed and many others were injured Monday in mudslides triggered by heavy monsoon rains in a hilly port city in southeastern Bangladesh, rescue officials and witnesses said. French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Tuesday he would go to Poland for the funeral of late president Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in a plane crash along with much of the country's leadership. Marvin Sylvor is the merry-go-round master of Brooklyn. He can make you a manatee or an ostrich. He offers 80 different horses to choose from. Mermaids are no problem. And he delivers anywhere on the planet. The dollar was firmer in a technical rebound against the yen and euro in Asian trade Thursday after slumping on a record US current account deficit, dealers said. The recent car-bomb threats in Britain were stark reminders that terrorists continue to probe for ways to attack us -- and not every attempt will fail or be repelled. James Charles Kopp, who is wanted for the 1998 killing of a New York doctor, will appeal a French court's recommendation that he be extradited to the United States, his lawyer said on Monday. Sao Tome and Principe Wednesday reiterated its support for the Angolan government in its efforts to achieve peace in the country.
t450 The most radical of Algeria's extremist groups, the Armed Islamic Group (GIA), on Saturday threatened unspecified reprisals against Belgium unless Islamic extremists were released immediately from jail. Peace protester Cindy Sheehan will sell her war protest site near President George W. Bush's ranch to a California radio talk show host, who will preserve it as a peace memorial and keep it open to protesters. The United States said Monday that Ukraine had decided to dispose of all its highly enriched uranium by 2012, at the start of an unprecedented nuclear security summit here. The perfect area rug, or so you thought. It almost glowed like a magic carpet. Then you brought it home, spread it under your dining room table and realized that it was so small your chairs crumpled the rug inward every time they were pushed under the table. You On clearing customs, Lieutenant Andrei Punenko shoternated between speaking Russian and speaking "American" in a pronounced Texas drawl. Behind him, another 136 soldiers were still waiting to get past customs, a five-hour ordeal. The battalion commander rose to address the families of soldiers bound for Iraq. Lt. Col. Mark Stock was responsible for the safety of 820 paratroopers and, ultimately, the life trajectories of hundreds of toddlers, spouses and parents squeezed into the pews of a base chapel. Congo and its old colonial ruler, Belgium, mended a more than two-decade rift in top-level relations Saturday, with Congolese feting Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt in the first visit by a Belgian leader since 1988. A senior Chinese official in charge of Hong Kong and Macao affairs outlined seven aspects in China's development of its western areas that are complementary to the development of Hong Kong and Macao, at the on-going Western Forum of China.
t3230 Hundreds of gravely deformed babies have been born worldwide after undergoing a test to identify physical defects while in the womb, a newspaper report said Sunday. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas for the first time Thursday ordered his elite presidential guard to strike back against Hamas militants bent on besieging his Gaza City compound. Estonian Prime Minister Andrus Ansip is ready to make an 18-hour drive to the funeral of Poland's president if air travel remains disrupted by a volcanic ash cloud, his spokeswoman said Friday. AUGUSTA, Ga. - More has changed at Augusta National this year than the view from the 18th tee box or the approach to the 13th. South Korean share prices closed flat Monday, with investors waiting to see whether the US Federal Reserve will up the 'measured pace' at which it is increasing interest rates, dealers said. Japanese educator Yomei Matsuoka admits it's difficult to miss the irony. How the socialist became a millionaire. How he lost his shirt in ``socialist'' China. And how his dream of educating young Chinese foundered after teaming with officials from China's Education Ministry. A 4-year-old boy leaning over an indoor railing fell six floors to his death in a hotel atrium, authorities said. Following is the semifinal schedule at the 2.95 million U.S dollars Stuttgart Masters Series men's tennis tournament for Saturday (prefix number denotes seeding):
t1014 France inaugurated its interests section in Baghdad on Monday, after a break in relations since the 1991 Gulf War when French forces helped expel Iraq from Kuwait. U.S. President George W. Bush, turning from adulation in the Balkans to difficulties back home, said Monday his stalled immigration overhaul would be revived and his embattled attorney general would not fall under a Senate vote of no confidence. An extra-time goal by substitute Moussa Maazou earned Monaco a 1-0 victory over Lens on Tuesday that took them into the final of the French Cup after a tight, tense semi-final tie. The Center for Business Innovation in Cambridge's Kendall Square is combination corporate playground and think tank for Cap Gemini Ernst &AMP; Young, the Paris-based global information technology consulting firm. Retired slugger Jose Canseco, whose tell-all book details steroid taking in Major League Baseball, will not have immunity from prosecution when he testifies in a US Congressional hearing here Thursday. Dr. John Hogness, the first president of the Institute of Medicine who shaped it into an unbiased critic of the U.S. health-care system, died July 2 of heart and kidney failure at the University of Washington's Wallingford retirement center. He was 85. The newest member of the Red Wings _ two-time league MVP Dominik Hasek _ says his goal in Detroit ``is to win the (Stanley) Cup, ... nothing else.'' Free space optics (FSO), an emerging technology that transports data from point to point and multipoint via laser technology, will grow from its current nascent state to a strong niche player in the broadband market in the next five years, according to a study released Tuesday.
t9891 A fragile truce in Angola, where government and UNITA rebel forces harbor deep mutual hostility and are reluctant to implement a peace accord, has unnerved the United Nations as it prepares to deploy 7,000 troops in the country in May. Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah arrives Monday for two days of talks with Poland's leaders on intensifying economic ties and fighting organized crime. The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday said the troubled US labor market "is beginning to improve," as it kept ultra-low interest rates on hold. Scott Schoeneweis will leave for his home in Arizona today to be with his wife, Gabrielle, who is scheduled to have labor induced Monday. It will be the couple's first child together, a boy named Hudson. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Monday reaffirmed his support for a Palestinian state with contiguous territory in the West Bank after meeting here with US President George W. Bush. The 265-142 tally fell short of the two-thirds needed to override a veto, but it raised the stakes in the political confrontation over children's healthcare. Four-time Academy Award winner Katharine Hepburn was responding well to antibiotics for a urinary tract infection and should be released this weekend, hospital officials said Friday. The Eiffel Tower will continue twinkling with its 20,000 white bulbs after doing so for one year since midnight, December 31, 1999, said the City Hall of Paris Thursday.
t113 Hunting down maverick Barings trader Nick Leeson was the easy part for Singapore investigators, who now face a long, trying battle to winkle him out of Germany and return him here for trial, lawyers and officials said Friday. David Wright and Carlos Delgado homered and Jorge Sosa won for the sixth time as the New York Mets snapped a four-game losing streak with a 3-0 victory over Detroit on Friday night. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin bowed his head before the flag-draped coffin of Polish President Lech Kaczynski in a somber ceremony here Sunday, AFP journalists saw. In an extraordinary appeal directed largely to the Israeli people, Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia proposed to Arab states Wednesday that they pledge as one to accept Israel as their neighbor if it meets three demands. Vestas Wind Systems, the world's leading producer of wind turbines, said on Tuesday it had received its third large order for V80 1.8-megawatt wind turbines from the United States this month. Gordon Brown, the new British prime minister, named political veteran Alistair Darling, 53, to the powerful post of Chancellor of the Exchequer and David Miliband, 41, the current environmental secretary, to be foreign minister, the second-youngest in British history. The Nasdaq Stock Market reported trading difficulties for the second day in a row Friday and extended regular trading by one hour. Medal table at the end of the competitions at the XI Paralympic Games here on Friday (tabulated under gold, silver, bronze and total medals):
t1819 A snail that devours parasites looked like God's gift to agro- industry, delegates to a UN forum were told here Wednesday, but for women who worked knee-deep in the rice paddies of the Philippines it proved a nightmare. A torrent of mudslides, flooding and lightning killed at least 105 people and left scores more missing as the annual monsoon rains hit Bangladesh, washing away shanties and inundating cities, officials said Tuesday. Apple fans around the world are going to have to wait a little longer for the iPad -- heavy US demand has delayed the international release of the device for a month, until the end of May. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Rebiya Kadeer, a top campaigner for the rights of China's Muslim Uighur minority, has vowed to fight for her people's freedom as she arrived in the United States following her release from nearly six years of detention in Beijing. In a serious new blow to beleaguered president Gen. Pervez Musharaf, the Supreme Court voted unanimously Friday to reinstate Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry, the outspoken jurist whose suspension four months ago galvanized a broad-based pro-democracy movement. Pieces of a disassembled U.S. Navy spy plane arrived in Hawaii on Tuesday, about three months after the aircraft's collision with a Chinese fighter jet sparked a crisis in U.S.-China relations. The President of the International Paralympic Committee Robert Steadward said on Saturday that they will never allow the doping athletes to taint the Paralympics Movement.
t6518 Britain's leading life assurer Prudential Corp., on Tuesday reported a two-percent rise in 1994 pre-tax profits to 603 million pounds (953 million dollars) compared with 589 million pounds in 1993. Wall Street tried for a modest rise Tuesday as investor grappled with a lackluster profit report from Best Buy Co. and a confirmation that new home construction fell in May. Swarms of stranded passengers scrambled Wednesday to hitch a flight home after Europe's air embargo ended in a dramatic game of brinkmanship in the skies over the continent's busiest airport. Attack of the Clones.'' Writers Richard Corliss and Jess Cagle talk with director George Lucas about the critical reaction to ``Episode I'' and the upcoming digitally shot sequel. Corliss and Cagle, who saw a rough cut of the film, say the new film should get the series back on The first bus service between the capitals of Tibet and Nepal will open in May after an agreement reached between Tibetan and Nepalese transport officials Saturday, state-run radio reported. Focusing on poor Hispanics and using Hispanics as a proxy for immigrants tells only one side of the poverty story. America's next Olympic host thinks U.S. bids for future games face an uphill fight because of burgeoning government backing of overseas rivals. The Australian stock market struggled to get its head above water Monday, closing lower as continuing uncertainty over the U.S. presidential race dampened investor enthusiasm around the world.
t5301 Twenty thousand Alawite Moslems are expected to demonstrate in the German city of Cologne on Saturday against attacks on members of their community in Turkey, police said. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert expressed hope Sunday that the new Palestinian government would be a "serious partner" for peace and promised to consider releasing hundreds of millions of dollars in frozen tax funds. Jameer Nelson scored 32 points and the Orlando Magic almost gave up a 22-point lead before beating the Charlotte Bobcats 98-89 in the opening game of their NBA playoff series Sunday. I had a few plans for the day on which I read Michael Connelly's latest mystery. Nothing much, but enough to have made me put the book down once in a while. Well, no way. Not a chance. Everything else took a back seat to following Harry Bosch, Connelly's The UN's refugee agency said Thursday it would complete a full withdrawal from Indonesia's tsunami-hit Aceh province by the weekend as new restrictions on aid groups began to take effect. After hearing about dangerous Chinese products elsewhere, Indonesia this summer began testing popular Chinese-made items on its own store shelves. What it found has added to the list of horrors: mercury-laced makeup that turns skin black, dried fruit spiked with industrial chemicals, carcinogenic children's candy. Walloped by two landslide electoral losses, bitterly split by philosophical differences and nasty personal battles _ these are dark days for Britain's once-grand Conservative Party. A goal by striker Azman Adnan and a missed penalty forced defending champions Singapore out of the Tiger Cup soccer tournament in Songkhla, Thailand on Monday, beaten 1-0 by arch-rivals Malaysia.
t7849 Bjorn Daehlie of Norway coasted to an easy victory in the final round in Sapporo to win the World Cup cross-country skiing individual overall title on Saturday. The number of newly laid off workers filing claims for unemployment benefits in the United States shot up unexpectedly last week, rising to the highest level in two months. Thai riot police faced down thousands of anti-government protesters Friday after grenade attacks left one woman dead and scores wounded in the latest bloodshed of the escalating political crisis. The White House persuaded House Republicans on Friday to put off a vote on a nonbinding resolution of support for Israel, and was also working to head off congressional moves to give Israel a swift infusion of additional aid. Saint Peter's Basilica, where Pope John Paul II has been lying in state, was closed to the public shortly after 10:00 pm (2000 GMT) Thursday after hundreds of thousands of pilgrims viewed the body. The largest Shiite political coalition in Iraq on Tuesday demanded that the United States military abandon its recruitment of Sunni tribesmen into the Iraqi police force, saying some are members of "armed terrorist groups" and are killing, kidnapping and extorting under the guise of fighting Al-Qaida in Iraq. A white supremacist accused of plotting to bomb black and Jewish landmarks in Boston is the son of two civil rights activists and says his troubles stem from his racially mixed background. A growing number of black and Asian people in Britain believe there is more racial discrimination at work than a decade ago, according to a major new survey for BBC Radio 5 Live.
t8019 High-level talks between Canadian and European Union officials were continuing here this weekend on a heated dispute over North Atlantic fishing quotas, Canadian officials said Saturday. Under heavy police guard, hundreds of gay activists marched in a Gay Pride parade in downtown Jerusalem on Thursday, sparking a noisy counter demonstration by ultra-Orthodox Jews and denunciations by Muslim and Christian leaders. There were no incidents of violence during the brief event. Soldiers deployed Saturday to avert a new bout of sectarian bloodshed in the Nigerian city of Jos, as angry youths sought revenge for the death of a Muslim teenager, police and residents said. It took Phil Jackson a little while, but now that the Lakers' best-of-five Western Conference quarterfinal series has shifted to Portland, Ore., Jackson is using the change of venue to zing the Blazers, their fans and the city they live in. The requiem mass for the funeral Friday of Pope John Paul II will follow centuries of solemn ritual befitting the final farewell to the head of the Roman Catholic Church. In Japan, in Russia, in Germany and elsewhere in what development gurus like to call "the global North," panic has set in about fertility declines, and couples are exhorted to have and are rewarded for producing more children. Economic growth demands it. Bigger retirement bills come due every year The suicidal man who gunned down his estranged girlfriend and their 10-year-old son at the boy's baseball game had spent the previous week researching murder-suicides on the Internet, police said Tuesday. Bush met with Andrew Card, who was named White House chief of staff by Bush, and discussed the transition business in Austin, Texas.
t8232 Iraq on Sunday rejected a draft UN resolution aimed at allowing Baghdad to sell one billion dollars worth of oil every three months to help it buy food and medicine for its people. Under fire from some U.S. lawmakers, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said Thursday his agency will seek to "terminate" the deportation case against the wife of a U.S. soldier missing in Iraq. American Bethanie Mattek-Sands outlasted Russia's Ekaterina Makarova 6-4, 2-6, 6-3 to pull the United States level with Russia at 2-2 in a Fed Cup semi-final tie on Sunday. Elizabeth Dole is an exceedingly capable person. She was one of 24 women in a law school class of 550 at a time when that feat was a pretty big deal. Up to 200 people protesting King Gyanendra's power-grab were arrested in Nepal on Friday, witnesses said, although police said only about 70 were arrested. The lopsided balloting, held simultaneously by Pakistan's national P arliament and four provincial assemblies, was denounced as a sham by Musharraf's opponents. The government praised it as a show of orderly democracy. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday that his country should be allowed to join NATO or the alliance should be disbanded and replaced by a new body that includes all of Europe and Russia. The main task faced by the Russian navy now is to perform an efficient deterrent function in the interests of Russian security, Commander-in-chief of the Russian Navy Admiral Vladimir Kuroyedov said Tuesday.
t3499 Bangkok Land was suspended from trading at the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on Monday following reports that the conglomerate faced a 44-million-dollar loss on two of its exchangable convertible debentures (ECDs). JP Morgan Chase &amp; Co. agreed long ago to become the first private company to occupy office space at the World Trade Center site. But negotiations over tax incentives and other perks went on for months, officials have said, and the bank suggested it would leave New York if Danish airspace will remain closed until at least 2:00 am (0000 GMT) Saturday due to ash from a volcano eruption in Iceland, a spokeswoman for the Naviair aviation authority said. In a stunning move that opens a new round of feuding between Mexico's old political guard and the new, the Mexican Senate vetoed President Vicente Fox's planned trip next week the United States and Canada. The Czech Republic attracted a record 7.9 million foreign tourists last year, 19.4 percent more than in 2003, government tourist agency CzechTourism said Monday. Summer twilight, the day's bright hot colors fade into shades of gray as a cooling breeze blows in from the sea. There's fish fresh from the grill, the skin crisp and nearly blackened, the flesh moist and sweet and gently perfumed by smoke. A drizzle of very good olive An estimated 2,000 Protestants marched out of this divided town Sunday in the Orange Order brotherhood's now annual confrontation with British soldiers and police. Stock prices rose sharply in Tokyo Monday on active buying by foreign investors, with the benchmark Nikkei index jumping to close above the 15,000 level for the first time in eight trading days.
t3634 Britain will review next June the case of a British soldier serving life in prison for the fatal shooting of a passenger in a stolen car in Northern Ireland, it was announced Monday. Vice President Dick Cheney's former top aide, I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, could begin a 2 1/2-year prison sentence within weeks after a U.S. judge ruled Thursday he will not delay Libby's imprisonment. Even Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger admit the Premier League title is now Chelsea's to lose as Carlo Ancelotti's side takes a four-point lead into the final four fixtures. Seeking no more than to make his case to the City Council in public, Police Chief Bernard C. Parks stepped up his attacks on Mayor James Hahn, warning that politicians would take future chiefs ``hostage.'' US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld was to meet with Brazilian leaders Monday to discuss regional security -- including recent violence in Haiti -- and a law allowing Brazil's government to shoot down drug trafficking aircraft, officials said. We recently spoke with Alexandra Gizela and Jordan Carlos, hosts of ``ME:TV,'' Nickelodeon's live TV show, at its studio in Manhattan. Tom Glavine tossed seven shutout innings and Brian Jordan was 4-for-4 with a homer and two RBIs to lead the Atlanta Braves past the Boston Red Sox 8-0 Sunday. The British Broadcasting corporation (BBC) admits its snobbish coverage of commerce in the past and stresses the importance of business reports in the new century.
t7091 The 1995 motorcycle world championship may not start until Sunday, but Michael Doohan is already the runaway favourite to retain his 500cc crown. Thailand's Bumrungrad Hospital said Wednesday its international arm has signed a four-year agreement with the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi to operate the Al Mafraq Hospital in the United Arab Emirates. A new combination treatment for malaria is as effective as the "gold standard" therapy for the disease, but only needs to be taken once a day rather than twice, The Lancet reported on Friday. John F. Reed is the kind of librarian who wants you to pore over every one of the 4,700 rare books and folios in the newly renovated LuEsther T. Mertz Library, which just opened its doors at the New York Botanical Garden. Monaco's Prince Rainier, fighting for his life in hospital after his health took a dramatic turn for the worse last week, is in "stable" condition, the palace announced Monday in a statement. After keeping quiet for much of the year as Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf suppressed domestic opposition, the United States on Monday issued an unusually harsh rebuke to the government for locking up key political rivals ahead of next week's election. A small boat collided with a tow of barges on the Ohio River, and five people were missing, officials said. China Minsheng Banking Corp, one of the country's non-State banks is set to make its initial public offering (IPO), bank officials said recently.
t942 A man was shot dead and fifteen others injured when Zimbabwean policemen clashed with citizens rioting in protest against alleged ritual murders by a local businessman, police said Monday. Philippine troops searched for a kidnapped Italian priest Monday in a rebel-infested southern region where his Catholic group vowed to stay despite a history of abductions and killings of its missionaries. Brian Boucher stopped a backhand by Olli Jokinen to lift Philadelphia to a 2-1 shootout win over New York that locked up the Flyers' playoff spot on the final day of the season. It's almost absurd, this idea of making the case for Alex Rodriguez's inclusion in baseball's sacrosanct Hall of Fame at some point in the future. OPEC countries decided Wednesday to raise their oil production ceiling from 27 to 27.5 million barrels per day (bpd) and consider a further raise in quotas, but the move failed to stop volatile markets from pushing crude to record highs. The rumors waft along the boardwalk, floating from the lips of gossipy locals, strong as the scent of ketchup and sauerkraut on frankfurters under the scorching Brooklyn sun. Didyahear? The rides may soon be closing. See, the go-karts, they're already gone. What's that you say? They're going to knock The new American envoy to Macedonia, seeking to jump start a peace plan that faltered two weeks ago, met Monday with President Boris Trajkovski amid reports of fresh rebel mortar fire. Fu Quanyou, chief of General Staff of the Chinese People's Liberation Army, held talks today with Santiago Valderas, chief of Defence Staff of Spain.
t689 Indian veterans cruised into the Masters Cup semifinals on Sunday when they beat their South African counterparts by 62 runs at the Brabourne Stadium here. Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt's government of Liberals and Socialists took a fierce beating in Sunday's general elections as Christian Democrats translated eight years on the opposition benches into major gains, according to early vote projections. Swiss banking giant UBS pushed its switch from loss further on Monday with a second quarter running of profits, but is still expected to come under pressure from investors during its upcoming annual general meeting. Hitters are bigger and stronger, parks are smaller and expansion has diluted the pitching. Hal McRae recites the reasons most often given for the proliferation of home runs in recent seasons. Then he gets more specific. Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader said Wednesday that he could not be "happy" over the postponement of talks for entering the European Union, but he had no regrets over Zagreb's cooperation with the UN war crimes court on the former Yugoslavia. As an ambitious congressman running for the Senate in 2004, Georgia Republican Johnny Isakson strongly supported the Iraq mission as ``the ultimate war between good and evil,'' while his Democratic rival Denise Majette demanded ``a plan to get out.'' Seeking to maintain its hold on a fast-changing China, the ruling Communist Party celebrated its 80th birthday Sunday by reaching out to the nation's growing army of private entrepreneurs. Philippine President Joseph Estrada has no intention of declaring a state of emergency amid a bribery scandal allegedly involving the president himself, a senior government official said Monday.
t3408 Bernard Tapie, the maverick businessman who was once a serious contender for President of France, went on trial on Monday in the biggest scandal to hit French football. An explosion rocked Gaza City on Thursday afternoon, and plumes of white smoke rose from the direction of a security post. Greater Manchester Police have introduced an alcohol exclusion zone and increased patrols in a bid to stamp out any trouble during the most explosive Manchester derby for years. Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party was harsh but correct when it said the latest disarmament move by the Irish Republican Army was all about politics _ an ``electoral stunt,'' to be precise. The IRA this week showed that it is committed to the process that is bringing peace to The second-biggest Spanish bank BBVA faces a possible downgrading of its credit rating as it plans to launch a takeover bid for Banca Nazionale de Lavoro of Italy (BNL), international rating agency Standard and Poor's said Monday. The riders swarm up Van Ness Avenue looking like Grateful Dead groupies on wheels. The scent of marijuana is in the air as a woman with orange deadlocks pedals a bike with a milk crate for a basket. A man in a Fedora croons rap lyrics, blasted from a Rep. Gary Condit was fully cooperative in a third interview about his relationship with missing former federal intern Chandra Levy, police said Saturday, pronouncing themselves comfortable with his answers. Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi, who is also Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces in the country, has appointed Lieutenant General Joseph Raymond Kibwana as new Chief of General Staff and promoted him to the rank of General.
t7958 The UN Human Rights Commission on Tuesday condemned Cuba for abusing "fundamental freedoms" and expressed deep concern over reports of arbitary arrest and mistreatment of human rights activists. A rocket-propelled grenade hit the home of Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas on Tuesday, in what Hamas said was an attempted assassination. The house was damaged, but Haniyeh and his family were not harmed. Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in Brazil late Wednesday to participate in bilateral meetings with the leaders of other emerging economies and a BRIC summit on Friday. A new high-tech coalition plans to ask federal regulators this week to free regional phone companies from the obligation to share new high-speed Internet connections with competitors. Crude oil futures leapt to an all-time record of 57.60 dollars a barrel at 1900 GMT on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Rudy Giuliani tried to win over leery Republicans here Wednesday with a pledge to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of conservative stalwarts Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia, but also insisted he would not use the issue of abortion as a ``litmus test'' in picking judges. Cendant Corp., owner of Days Inn and Super 8 hotels and Avis rental cars, got the attention of the travel industry with last month's purchase of Galileo International Inc., which books nearly a third of the world's travel reservations. Encouraged by a rise in U.S. stock prices, the bourse opened at 5,991.83, but due to profit-taking selling pressure later, share prices began to fall. The bourse fluctuated between 6,003.38 and 5, 804.92 in the session.
t6031 A US expert warned last month that terrorists were preparing a gas attack on a Japanese city, in what turned out to be an eerie prediction of Monday's events in Tokyo. Airbus stole the spotlight from U.S. rival Boeing Co. on the opening day of the world's largest air show, announcing deals worth around US$45 billion (euro34 billion). A routine anti-virus update from Web security firm McAfee confused a valid Windows file with a virus on Wednesday, disrupting computers around the world. Volunteers outnumbered victims of the Amtrak train crash here as hundreds of residents of this balmy retirement town donated dinners they were about to eat, squeezed the hands of the fearful and led people from the wreckage. Sven-Goran Eriksson is confident that Wayne Rooney will not allow allegations he was involved in a nightclub brawl earlier this week affect his performance in England's World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland on Saturday. Author, philanthropist and literary entrepreneur Dave Eggers has become the youngest person ever to win one of the annual $250,000 awards from the Heinz Family Foundation. Inflation rose faster than expected in June, fueled by a sharp rise in public transport fares, higher oil prices and the continuing slide of the country's currency against the dollar, the government announced Friday. WASHINGTON, November 17 (Reuters) - Standings of National Basketball Association teams after Thursday's games (tabulated under wins, losses, winning percentage, games behind first place):
t909 Michael Chang will spearhead a series of special matches with former world number ones Boris Becker and Jim Courier here to raise funds for victims of the Kobe earthquake. Japan revised up its first quarter economic growth figure Monday to an annual pace of 3.3 percent from 2.4 percent because business investment was stronger than initially estimated. The euro gained against the US dollar and yen in Asian trade Monday after Euro nations unveiled an aid package worth 30 billion euros this year alone for Athens. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon declared Israel a nation at war Sunday after a suicide bomber killed 14 Israelis at a restaurant in the northern city of Haifa and another bomber struck a medical center in Efrat, a Jewish settlement in the central West Bank. The European Union voiced hope Wednesday for the rapid formation of a new Lebanese government, and renewed an appeal for Syria to withdraw its troops and security agents from the country. For months, alleged D.C. Madam Deborah Jeane Palfrey has promised that her voluminous phone records -- all 46 pounds of them -- contained some powerful secrets. Within hours of their public release, a senator acknowledged Monday night that his telephone number was on the list. American Village is the kind of place where many believe Okinawa's future can be found. Trendy and new, its boutiques attract crowds of tourists _ Okinawa's prime source of income _ from all over the country during the day. The Shenzhen B-share index slipped 0.02 points or 0.01 percent to 107.74 points at Tuesday close, coming off its intraday high of 108.03.
t9681 The Austrian National Bank followed suit, announcing in Vienna that it was lowering its discount rate by half a point to four percent, and its Lombard rate by 0.25 percent to 5.25 percent. Religious groups including Christians, Jews and Buddhists led the New York gay pride parade, lending gravity to the often outrageous event that celebrates the night patrons of a gay bar in Manhattan resisted a police raid. Channing Frye and Jared Dudley came off the bench to score 20 and 19 points as Phoenix routed Portland 107-88 in game five of their opening round series. It is probably a good thing that the visit last week from Hu Jintao, who is to be anointed head of China's Communist Party next fall and president of China in 2003, was stage-managed as a low-profile event. Three more Lithuanian lawmakers announced Monday that they would join a hunger strike to demand that the foreign minister and head of state security resign over their alleged links with the Soviet intelligence service, the KGB, in the 1980s. Scientists said it would be difficult to make that case, given the combustible mix of drought and wind that has plagued the region for centuries or more. An explosion destroyed the one-story Hebron office of Fatah, the party of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, on Friday night. One body was seen being pulled from beneath debris. 10,000 refugees have crossed into Zambia from the war-torn Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC) since Monday, fleeing the fierce armed clashes between the DRC government troops and the rebels in the southeast of the country, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said on Wednesday.
t9049 Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic Tuesday warned he would consider UN forces as "enemies" if the United Nations called for NATO air strikes against the Serbs. It began with an inmate pen pal program. Now Tracy Morgan of England has married death row prisoner James Lewis Morgan in a prison ceremony in the United States. US President Barack Obama will lay a key plank of his strategy to mend ties with the Islamic world on Monday when he hosts a summit to boost economic development in Muslim nations. Cardinal Roger Mahony spent the 40th anniversary of his ordination on Wednesday in a hospital room, where he has been recuperating since Sunday from a blood clot in his lung, officials said. Hundreds of millions of people around the world tuned in to watch Pope John Paul II's funeral on television, but more people in the Netherlands watched Prince Charles' wedding to Camilla Parker Bowles, according to figures published on Sunday. DENVER -- Their streak will go down in baseball history as one of the greatest comebacks ever; how the Rockies went from fourth place in the NL West with 13 games to play, earning a spot in the 2007 World Series after winning 21 of 22 games. Developing, by France's Havas Advertising said Thursday it has agreed to buy the British media agency Tempus Group in a deal valued at 425 million pounds ($601 million). Speaking in a radio interview broadcast in the U.S., before the first anniversary of Northern Ireland devolution on Saturday, Trimble warned that the political process could break down without movement on the arms issue.
t6380 China accused foreign politicians Tuesday of harbouring "ulterior motives" in putting forward academic research to show that the Asian giant's surging grain demand would create a global food crisis. Vilma Espin Guillois, the wife of acting president Raul Castro and a former rebel fighter who served for decades as first lady of the Cuban revolution, was mourned across the island Tuesday. The international chess federation FIDE on Wednesday ordered a one-day delay in the start of the world chess final between Indian champion Viswanathan Anand and his Bulgarian challenger Veselin Topalov. ``Not bad for your first playoff game,'' Nelson told Raef LaFrentz shortly after the Mavs took a 1-0 lead in the best-of-five Western Conference series. The Vatican prepared for a candle-lit vigil in St Peter's basilica on Saturday as 1.1 billion Catholics around the world anxiously await an Easter Sunday blessing from an ailing Pope John Paul II and some sign that his condition is improving. He turned to his wife in bed and told her that the Americans had flattened their home in the Washash neighborhood and killed some of the Shiite militia members who kicked them out the previous September. They were people he had lived next to for years, people he greeted The Seattle Storm activated forward Katy Steding and center Alessandra Santos de Oliveira on Friday, and placed forward Stacey Lovelace and guard Michelle Edwards on injured reserve. The campaign of U.S. Republican presidential candidate George W. Bush on Saturday alleged irregularities in hand recounts of the presidential votes in the state of Florida.
t4393 Shortly afterwards, Arsenal striker Paul Merson admitted to cocaine, alcohol and drug addiction. He is ordered to spend six weeks in a rehabilitation clinic but returned to the pitch in February and is currently playing some of the best football of his life. NASA has no problem leaving an astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts on the limping international space station despite a serious computer meltdown, a U.S. space agency official said Friday. Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore Sunday defused two crude bombs next to a cricket stadium, a senior officer said, a day after explosions outside the ground injured eight people, Both devices were found next to the 40,000-seater Chinnaswamy Stadium, where the blasts on Saturday sparked panic Righthander Wade Miller, the Astros' opening-day starter, will return to Houston today and miss his next scheduled start Wednesday because of back spasms and a ``dead arm.'' French Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin said Tuesday that extremists based outside of Paris had been planning an attack using cyanide gas. Maybe what the war in Iraq needs is not more troops but more religion. At least that's the message the Department of Defense seems to be sending. Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill, responding to Democratic critics in Congress, said anew Tuesday the Social Security retirement program has no real assets and must be strengthened. Following is the photo list for November 10 released by Xinhua: 1. The true-to-life toys and models of those space devices go popular at the ongoing air show at Zhuhai, Guangdong Province. The picture shows a model space shuttle 2. The true-to-life toys and models of those space devices
t1265 The dollar was weaker in late trading on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Tuesday, reflecting trends overseas and a lack of incentives. When voters in the dovish Labor party choose a new leader Tuesday, they face a choice between an ex-premier with a military background and a retired navy commander who once led Israel's Shin Bet security service. Embattled Japanese automaker Toyota received another hammer-blow to its safety reputation on Tuesday as a respected US consumer magazine warned readers not to buy one of its Lexus models. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Hundreds of people crowded onto rooftops and thronged the narrow lanes of Oldusharraf told AFP that his grandmother was jubilant as she had for a long time wanted to visit the home again, having last paid a clandestine visit there in the early 1980s. Rep. Dan Boren was leaving his office in the House's Cannon Building on Wednesday morning when he ran into a familiar face, Martin MacGuinness, the White House liaison officer tasked with keeping the young Democrat on President Bush's side in the debate over the Iraq war. Reds batting coach Ken Griffey Sr. will get acupuncture Tuesday to help relieve the pain in his neck, shoulder and back that have put him in rehabilitation. "I applaud today's decision by the members of the Stability Pact to welcome the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia as a new member, " Clinton said.
t4223 Britain plans a three-day festival to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the end of World War II in Europe, but veterans are annoyed because the guest list includes leaders of Germany, the former enemy. Oil prices were down slightly Friday after rising overnight to a nine-month high on worries that the U.S. refining industry cannot meet peak summer gasoline demand. Amid the sadness felt by the crowds of mourners at the funeral of Poland's president, there were hopes of better ties with Russia after years of mistrust and recriminations. Burton G. Tremaine Jr., a business executive who managed his family's large art collection and philanthropic foundation, died last Saturday in New Orleans. He was 79 and lived in Johns Island, Vero Beach, Fla. Oxford will take to London's River Thames here Sunday with the heaviest crew in Boat Race history when they meet Cambridge for the 151st edition of one of university sport's most enduring contests. The Los Angeles Times obituary of consumer advocate Sylvia Siegel stated that she was born Sheila Marrich in Detroit. In fact, she was born Sylvia Dorothy Marrich. Environmentalists and energy industry executives are getting a chance to tell the government how they think the Clean Air Act should be applied to power plants and oil refineries. Malaysia will study the proposal of the establishment of a United Nations standby force to intervene quickly during crises, Defense Minister Najib Tun Razak said here Thursday.
t3354 Anglican Archbishop of Cape Town Desmond Tutu called for toleration and unity in a sermon here hailed as a call for acceptance of homosexuality, press reports said. A giant silhouette of a naked pole dancer painted on a field beneath Gatwick Airport's flight path is disturbing the British countryside. Bank of America posted better than expected net earnings of 2.8 billion dollars in the first quarter of 2010, the firm reported on Friday. John Leguizamo's ``Sexaholix ... A Love Story'' promises to be every bit as provocative as its title, though perhaps not in the ways you'd think. Consternation gripped the government of President Jacques Chirac Monday after a second poll in four days showed a majority of the French public rejecting the EU constitution at a referendum in ten weeks. Several weeks ago, the California Supreme Court set keyboards a-clacking in the offices of attorneys representing gay couples seeking the right to marry. The court, which is considering their challenge to laws barring same-sex couples from marrying, asked for briefs addressing essentially this issue: Why are domestic-partner laws not Despite heavy storm warnings, no one could have predicted the tornado-like winds that sent a huge tree crashing down on spectators at a Yiddish music concert, killing 11 people, regional officials said Saturday. Two Saudi planes carrying medicines and other relief materials for the Palestinians landed Sunday at Egypt's el-Arish airport on the Mediterranean coast of the Sinai Peninsular.
t9044 India on Tuesday floated bids for foreign participation in oil exploration worth four billion dollars under a joint high-risk scheme between state-run firms and overseas companies. The federal government has denied federal recognition to the Abenaki Indians of Vermont, saying the group doesn't meet federal criteria, state Attorney General William Sorrell said. The US Senate on Monday prepared for a key procedural vote on Wall Street reform -- a top item on President Barack Obama's agenda -- but Republican opposition threatened the chances of agreement. In a dramatic resolution to a five-month-long standoff, Israeli tanks and armored vehicles pulled away from Yasser Arafat's battered headquarters late Wednesday night, leaving the Palestinian leader free to travel. After nearly a year, the trial of former Yukos boss Mikhail Khodorkovsky winds up in Moscow this week, with most expecting a guilty verdict in post-Soviet Russia's most famous court proceedings widely seen here as a political case. When Benazir Bhutto comes back to Pakistan, Mukesh Kumar will get a better job. His family will reclaim the 36 fertile acres of rice paddies that they lost to squatters six years ago. His father will be cured of his paralysis. The decks have been scrubbed, the hold filled, the silverware polished. The luxury cruise ship European Vision is becoming the ultimate ship of state. After the hearing, Leon County Circuit Court Judge Sanders Sauls is expected to determine whether some 14,000 contested ballots in the U.S. presidential race should be counted in the state-certified tally.
t8245 Anyone doubting that Mike Tyson has the drawing power worthy of boxing's richest-ever fight need only have seen his release from prison. Under fire from some U.S. lawmakers, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said Thursday his agency will seek to "terminate" the deportation case against the wife of a U.S. soldier missing in Iraq. Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Afghan President Hamid Karzai were set to meet in New Delhi on Monday to discuss a relationship seen as key to regional stability. These days it is not enough to have a palm-size personal digital assistant such as a Palm. If you want to be techno-trendy, you need a PDA with a color screen. Europe's main textile trade association accused the European Union of doing "too little and too late" in laying down guidelines for possible limits on surging Chinese clothing imports. House Democrats plan to introduce a bill this week that would let a secret court issue one-year "umbrella" warrants to allow the government to intercept e-mails and phone calls of foreign targets and would not require that surveillance of each person be approved individually. Defending champion Franco Squillari of Argentina beat qualifier Rogier Wassen of the Netherlands 6-3, 6-1 Wednesday to reach the third round of the Mercedes Cup. The Romanian Party of Social Democracy (PDSR) declared on Tuesday that it will not form a government with the Romanian Mare Party (PRM) if it wins a run-off presidential race.
t6120 US Defence Secretary William Perry charged here Monday that Iran posed a threat to Gulf Arab countries and that its weapons deployment in the region went beyond its defensive needs. Efforts to seek autonomy for Tibet are hitting a brick wall because of the hard-line attitudes among some senior officials in China, the Dalai Lama said Tuesday. The United States upgraded Wednesday a travel advisory on India, alerting US citizens to a growing threat of terrorist attacks in the capital New Delhi. A new poll by Public Agenda, a nonprofit public research organization, reports that rude behavior is on the upswing in America today. Three out of five respondents said rude and selfish behavior had increased on highways and in stores in recent years. A whopping 73 percent said Americans treated Rebels killed a high-ranking Iraq army officer and five cleaning women in drive-by shootings, while two car bombs in 24 hours killed 12 people, US army and Iraqi interior ministry sources said Friday. U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein, Maryland's top federal prosecutor, is in the late stages of being vetted as a possible nominee to fill a long-standing vacancy on a federal appeals court in Richmond, law enforcement sources and people who have been questioned as part of the process said. An 8-year-old boy recovering from a shark attack is no longer in a deep coma and is responding to stimulation, doctors said Friday. The Africa trip, his third this year, will take him to Sierra Leone on December 2-3, where he will visit the U.N. Mission in the country and meet with government leaders. Sierra Leone hosts 12, 500 U.N. peacekeeping troops.
t290 The lira tumbled to a record low against the German mark late Friday afternoon after an announcement in Rome by parties faithful to former premier Silvio Berlusconi that they would vote against the Dini government's proposed supplementary budget. The space shuttle Atlantis, fresh from a fiery launch, was in hot pursuit of the international space station on Saturday, but will not catch it until Sunday. In 2000, at the height of the tech bubble, telecom operators fell over themselves to snap up 3G or third generation mobile licenses in an auction in Germany. Jerry Stiller's career did not begin with ``Seinfeld,'' but it sure got a boost from it. And now, at 74, after five years as George Costanza's cranky, loud-mouthed father Frank, he finds himself as busy as he has ever been. Waratahs lock Justin Harrison confessed Wednesday to making a racist remark to a black South African player during a weekend Super 12 match, a slur earlier attributed to teammate Nathan Grey. British Prime Minister Gordon Brown's first days in office have been a baptism by fire, with three soldiers killed in Iraq on Thursday, two car bombs foiled in London on Friday and a fiery attack on Scotland's Glasgow airport Saturday. Sunday, he warned the British public in a nationally The Minnesota Twins won the World Series in 1991 with deep starting pitching, sound defense and timely hitting, but their compatibility in the clubhouse was perhaps one of that championship's most important components. Secretary General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) Azeddine Laraki announced here Saturday that foreign ministers of the 56-member Islamic organization is to hold an emergency meeting on the Palestinian crisis.
t5482 Foreign investment in Pakistan has doubled to 1.3 billion dollars in the past nine months of its current financial year, officials said Saturday. Russia's flagship airline, OAO Aeroflot, has pulled out of the competition for debt-laden Italian carrier Alitalia SpA because it was unhappy with the conditions of the tender, the Interfax news agency reported Monday, citing unnamed sources close to the company. Spain scheduled 160 special flights Tuesday to get travellers home who have been stranded by the volcanic ash cloud that has shutdown airports around much of the rest of Europe, civil aviation authority AENA said. Walter S. Wurzburger,an Orthodox rabbi who was a leader in theological dialogue with thinkers in other branches of Judaism and with Christians, died on Tuesday at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan. He was 82 and lived in Lawrence, N.Y. Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev has left the country with his family toward neighboring Kazakhstan, Interfax reported Thursday citing unnamed sources. Persimmon, cranberry, cherry and beet. Yes, they are fruits and a vegetable, but they're also the different names retailers are using for the color you'll be seeing a lot of this season: red. Forget about reserving it for the holidays; this potent color in any shade will be the Changing a century-old tradition, the IOC agreed Friday to switch the order of awarding medals, with the champion getting the gold last rather than first. Indian film star Rajkumar was released Wednesday morning by forest brigand Veerappan, who had held him hostage since July 30, officials said.
t2259 Chechen authorities on Thursday placed the entire republic on a war footing and introduced Sharia law, in a final twofold bid to rally the mainly-Moslem population to counter relentless advances by Russian forces. As Mike Nifong was calling the Duke lacrosse team a "bunch of hooligans" in public, he was privately acknowledging that the rape case would be hard to prove and that the accuser's story was filled with inconsistencies, a police investigator testified. Malaysia's state oil company has suspended gasoline supplies to Iran, Prime Minister Najib Razak said here Thursday, calling on Tehran to review its controversial nuclear program. Our family _ a law school clinic instructor attending a conference, a kid playing hooky from third grade and me _ flew north last spring for a first-time visit to this island in a famous cold-water river. Seven Ugandan rebels of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) were killed by the army after they had abducted some 50 children in the war-scarred north of the country, army sources said on Friday in Kampala. If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog, but if you want a friend in Paris, get a checkbook. Australia and East Timor signed a treaty to share revenues from a rich oil deposit Thursday in a deal that will guarantee the fledgling nation a much-needed stream of hard currency. China plans to pump 30 million yuan (about 3.61 million U.S. dollars) into the construction of an ecological park for white-headed leaf monkeys in Chongzuo County of southern Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
t2692 At least 16 persons, including a six-year-old child, have drowned in Katsina-Ala river, in Nigeria's central Benue state, since a water shortage began in the region, state-run News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported Friday. Despite pressure from Congress, the Bush administration on Wednesday refused to cite China as a country that manipulates its currency to gain unfair trade advantages. Russia on Thursday shut down its last weapons-grade plutonium reactor, in line with a pledge made at a nuclear security summit in Washington this week, officials said. When Vitaly Potapenko objected to the way Kenyon Martin shoved him as the two went after a rebound in the second quarter, he set the tone for a game with physical and verbal sparring worthy of the playoffs. Sunday night at Continental Airlines Arena, the Nets and Celtics set US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Sunday Washington had no intention of attacking North Korea while urging the communist state to drop its nuclear weapons ambitions. Two Russian mini-submarines returned safely to the surface at the North Pole on Thursday after diving to the sea bottom to plant a Russian flag and collect geological samples. The United States agrees to hand over American serviceman accused of rape to Japanese authorities, U.S. Ambassador Howard Baker says. An unexpected strike called by luggage handlers forced a cancellation of 32 flights at the Belgian national airport on Thursday.
t9824 As United Nations forces prepared to assume responsibility for peacekeeping in Haiti, UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali on Thursday called US-led intervention "a success story." Some 200 commuters occupied the tracks at Rome's second largest train station on Monday, snarling rail traffic and causing delays, officials said. Inter Milan reached the Champions League final on Wednesday, beating Barcelona 3-2 on aggregate in their semi-final despite losing the second leg 1-0 and playing an hour of the game with 10 men. South Korea agricultural officials said they had slaughtered about 10,000 pigs at farms south of here after discovering animals dying of foot-and-mouth disease. Two men were sentenced to life in prison in Germany Monday for burning two others alive, in a case the presiding judge said shocked him in its brutality. Two fledgling networks, both backed by powerful media forces, launched in January 1995, both vying for the dubious distinction of becoming the fifth-largest broadcast network behind ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. Ty Tryon's youth was not served as a group of veterans, led by Brett Quigley's 10-under 62, took control of the B.C. Open on Friday. Following are the standings from the European Champions League after Tuesday's matches (tabulated under games played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against, points):
t2905 Russian production has plunged an "unprecedented" 47 percent over the past four years, according to a government report prepared for the on- going UN anti-poverty summit in Copenhagen. Wall Street rebounded smartly Wednesday, propelling the Dow Jones industrial average up 187 points as bond yields eased and economic data came in stronger than expected. At least 66 students died in China's quake, state media said Thursday, evoking rim parallels with the massive 2008 disaster that saw thousands killed when schools came crashing down. ATLANTA - Arthur Andersen announced Monday it will cut about 7,000 jobs nationwide in the wake of an Enron-related indictment that sent many of its clients scurrying to rival firms. A convalescent Pope John Paul II will be conspicuous by his absence at most of the traditional ceremonies marking the Holy Week of Easter, the most solemn of the Christian year, as he battles to recover from his recent throat operation. Three years ago, when Charles Steele Jr., became president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, he worked out of a cramped headquarters without power or light. The civil-rights group's funds were scant, and so, too, was its sense of mission. Even though China puts far more prisoners to death each year than any other country, it is executions in the United States that spark the real outcry in Western Europe, where capital punishment has long been outlawed. More than 4,300 cholera cases have been reported in South Africa's northeastern Province of KwaZulu-Natal, said officials with the province's health department on Friday.
t8909 President Boris Yeltsin played tennis for more than two hours Tuesday upon arrival at the government spa at Kislovodsk, a resort in the Caucasus foothills where Soviet Communist Party chiefs once frolicked. The space shuttle Atlantis and its seven astronauts returned to Earth safely Friday, ending a two-week mission to deliver an addition to the international space station and bring a crew member home from the outpost. A soldier was killed and two others wounded Monday when their vehicle hit a landmine in northern Turkey, the Anatolia news agency reported. Andrei Samorodov, a former Russian army captain who said he fled his country after witnessing atrocities by Russian soldiers in Chechnya, has been accused by Russian authorities of fabricating the story to gain political asylum in the United States. Police Saturday said they killed Ravix Remissainthe, the self-proclaimed leader of ex-Haitian soldiers who since last year have demanded the Haitian armed forces be reestablished. Europe has a drug problem, and knows it. But the Europeans' approach to it is quite different from the American "war on drugs." I spend 120 days a year in Europe as a travel writer, so I decided to see for myself how it's working. I talked with locals, Federal investigators arrested a suspect Thursday in the package bomb explosions at two Atlanta-area locations of an air conditioning and plumbing supply business. No one was seriously injured. Beijing is expected to improve its energy consumption structure by exploring new energy resources such as geothermal power, solar energy, bio-energy and wind power to reduce the use of traditional energy resource like coal, gas and oil.
t4033 The Afghan Taliban movement launched an infantry attack against troops loyal to President Burhanuddin Rabbani on the southern frontlines Tuesday, gaining a hill-top but losing a number of fighters, military sources said. Japanese fisheries officials have launched a coral-growing project around two Pacific Ocean islets to bolster a reef and Tokyo's claims in a territorial dispute with China, an official said Friday. North Korea on Saturday denied involvement in the sinking of a South Korean warship near their disputed border, a day after the South said an external blast was the most likely cause of the tragedy. Resisting calls for his resignation from lay leaders and rank-and-file Catholics, Cardinal Bernard Law announced Friday that he will stay as archbishop of Boston despite the widening clergy sexual abuse scandal. Veteran film star Gemini Ganesan died at his home in the southern Indian city of Madras early Tuesday after a prolonged illness, his family said. The Washington Post has been following four members of Congress as they grapple with what to do about the Iraq war in the coming months. The focus during Congress's August recess is on what these lawmakers are hearing from voters in their home districts. Future installments will feature Rep. Shares of Xerox Corp. fell more than 5 percent Monday after the company's board of directors decided to eliminate the payment of dividends on its common stock. A west-east electricity transmission project, which involves Guizhou and Yunnan provinces, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and the Three Gorges area, will send 10 million kilowatts of electricity to Guangdong Province, south China, during the 2001-2005 period.
t6066 Gunmen fired anti-tank Sagger rockets at two Israeli armoured vehicles on Monday in south Lebanon, setting them ablaze, Lebanese police reported. Police in the Philippine capital, jittery over recent bus bombings, were called in to check a bag that was left on a bus -- only to find a crying month-old baby stuffed inside, a radio report said Tuesday. Chinese companies have invested more than 1.4 billion dollars in Peru, mainly in mining operations, making it the top destination of the Asian giant's investments in Latin America, a senior Chinese official said Wednesday. The U.N. Commission on Human Rights, meeting in Geneva for its annual review, approved on Friday a relatively mild resolution urging Cuba to grant its citizens greater political freedoms. Under-scanner Harbhajan Singh of India said Friday the row over his bowling action did not affect him on the way to his six-wicket haul in the third and final Test against Pakistan here. The one point that drew agreement from Republicans and Democrats alike was that Iraq's political leaders have too often failed to transcend their narrow sectarian interests to forge compromises in the national interest. A woman gave birth to five boys and two girls, the first set of septuplets born in the United States in more than three years. All were in critical condition Friday at a Washington hospital. Valentin Paniagua won with a 64-51 lead over Fujimori loyalist Ricardo Marcenaro, winning with the support of opposition unity, independents and members of Fujimori's Peru 2000. This is the first time the opposition has headed the legislature since Fujimori closed a divided Congress in 1992.
t986 Nick Leeson, the trader accused of driving Britain's oldest bank into receivership, will appear in court here in coming days for further questioning, Frankfurt prosecutor Hans-Hermann Eckert said Monday. The New Zealand dollar fell after the country's central bank intervened in the currency market to sell the New Zealand dollar, which had risen to its highest level in more than 20 years. The US Senate may need until 2011 to ratify a landmark nuclear arms reduction treaty President Barack Obama signed with former Cold War foe Russia, the chamber's Democratic leader said Tuesday. Once again the two biggest science-fiction franchises have released new video games at about the same time. And once again, both Star Wars and Star Trek deliver exceptional titles. The European Union delayed Wednesday the start of entry talks with Croatia due to its failure to find a key war crimes suspect, ignoring Zagreb's insistent protests that it is already doing all it can. Tigermania, occasioned by the golf legend's tournament at Congressional Country Club, overwhelmed Washington last week, giving the military, the diplos and the media a bit of a respite from persistently bad news from Iraq and other locales. The European Union regulators have given antitrust clearance to the creation of an information technology services joint venture between IBM Italia SpA and Business Solutions SpA, which is controlled by Italian automaker Fiat SpA. China is to build Asia's largest packinghouse in the northern port city of Tianjin to provide pork for consumers worldwide.
t8941 Relatively favorable weather conditions are forecast for the planned 71st launch of the European rocket Ariane from the Kourou space center Tuesday evening, officials said. Ricky Hatton plans to come out swinging from the opening bell. Jose Luis Castillo knows no other way to fight than to move forward relentlessly. An Iraqi judicial panel has invalidated the candidatures of 52 people who stood in Iraq's March 7 general election, a spokesman for a controversial investigative committee told AFP Monday. These Sports stories for release Thursday, May 2, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Australians will decide whether Britain's Prince Charles becomes their king but republican debate was not preoccupying most people, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Sunday. The conventional wisdom almost always sounds smart -- and almost always is wrong. The U.S. doesn't need to contain China, and it doesn't need to fight China either. Nor does it need to prepare to gracefully let China replace the United States as the world's leading power. Deep divisions emerged at negotiations on how to rescue a global warming treaty as government ministers entered the talks Thursday, with European nations opposing a drive led by Japan to loosen carbon emissions controls. A three-day World Summit on Arts and Culture was opened here Friday with a theme calling for every effort to encourage the arts and cultural diversity in the context of globalization.
t8849 Retired army general Charles Julue made a brief appearance in court Monday, scotching rumours that the presumed leader of last September's attempted coup is dead, court officials said. Wall Street ended a volatile week with a sharp decline Friday as investors again succumbed to nervousness about rising interest rates and souring subprime loans. The Dow Jones industrial average fell more than 185 points. Russia and Italy will bring French energy group EDF into their South Stream pipeline project in June, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said in Italy on Monday. For the third straight year, the American Lung Association has labeled Los Angeles as the nation's smoggiest metropolitan area, followed by three other California urban areas. Didier Drogba spared Chelsea's blushes when he rescued a point for the English Premiership leaders in a 1-1 draw with Birmingham City at Stamford Bridge here on Saturday. The New York Times, citing unidentified U.S. and foreign officials, said the facility attacked by Israeli forces appeared modeled on a version employed by North Korea for stockpiling nuclear weapons fuel. A man who was due to report to jail for the death of his 2-year-old son apparently killed himself in the same mountains where the boy wandered off and froze. Thailand and Cambodia have cooperated in launching campaigns on the World AIDS Day at the friendship bridge in this northeastern province of Sakaew, the Thai New Agency (TNA) said Friday.
t702 Palestinian police have released a suspected HAMAS militant and a member of the fundamentalist Islamic Jihad group, Palestinian sources said Sunday. The heads of 12 ex-Soviet republics met Sunday to discuss ways of reforming their loose regional alliance, but the informal summit only underscored uncertainty over the grouping's future. An official probe Monday said several former leaders, including an ex-premier, were guilty of "extreme negligence" in the lead-up to the 2008 financial crisis that crippled Iceland's economy. Struggling to get a handle on U.S. foreign policy? For starters, try dusting off your Livy and boning up on the Second Punic War. Or dip into a good history of 19th-century Britain, paying close attention to those dazzling military campaigns in the Middle East _ the Battle of Kenya's national cross country team will this weekend face for the first time an unprecedented challenge as they bid to reclaim the world cross country title from holders Ethiopia in Paris. After a senior Pakistani commando was killed in fighting overnight, government officials said Sunday the fighters holed up inside an Islamabad mosque are well-trained and well-armed militants with connections to known terrorist groups. An exhibition commemorating the life and work of Princess Diana reopened at her family's ancestral estate Sunday, on what would have been her 40th birthday. Former Brazil soccer coach Wanderley Luxemburgo, sacked last month after poor results and amid allegations of taking commissions on the sale of players, vowed on Sunday that he would one day return to the national team.
t6360 One of France's best known publishing houses Gallimard has been ordered to pay 20,000 French francs (4,000 dollars) to a Chinese author for infringing copyright, the English-language China Daily said Tuesday. Austrian police have arrested 58 people, including a German citizen, on suspicions they belonged to a drug ring, an official said Tuesday. Chrysler posted a post-bankruptcy 2009 loss of 3.8 billion dollars Wednesday, but said it had exceeded financial targets and achieved an operating profit in the first quarter of 2010. For those who like to bash the Dallas Cowboys owner, Jerry Jones, a number that rivals the population of China, there was a scene during the first round of the NFL draft on Saturday that must have given his enemies great satisfaction. The Cowboys completed a trade with only Virender Sehwag completed his second century in three matches to boost India's hopes of avoiding the follow-on in the third and final Test against Pakistan here on Saturday. Col 1: The Clinton campaign was not alone in being burned by political fundraiser Norman Hsu; dozens of other politicians, along with clusters of private investors, tell much the same story about the man who now sits in a Colorado jail facing the prospect of years in prison. 1,305 The St. Louis Cardinals moved the organization's two top batting coaches Friday, reassigning Mike Easler to the minors and elevating Mitchell Page. After five weeks of continuos fall, India's foreign exchange reserves rose sharply by 676 million U.S. dollars to 35.413 billion dollars during the week ended November 10, over the previous week.
t8915 Japan and the United States failed to reach agreement Tuesday on the second day of talks aimed at ending a dispute on auto trade, Japanese officials here said. North Carolina officials said Friday they will not challenge a judge's ruling that allows the Quran or any other religious text to be used to swear in witnesses or jurors in the state's courtrooms. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court, was on Monday declared winner in the country's first multi-party presidential election in over two decades. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Thursday, May 2, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. Norwich City manager Nigel Worthington believes his team's survival hopes now hinge on their trip to Crystal Palace next weekend following their shock 2-0 victory over Manchester United here at Carrow Road on Saturday. So that $38.28 payment to the pet store jumped off the screen as I did my online banking a few Saturdays ago. Berlin's mayor and the city's Jewish leader are endorsing a provocative fund-raising poster emblazoned with the slogan ``The Holocaust never happened,'' saying it will draw attention and help build a memorial to Jewish victims of the Nazis. A training aircraft belonging to the Indonesian Air Force crashed in Central Java Friday, killing two pilots, Antara news agency reported Saturday.
t7331 Russian forces seized the Chechen town of Argun on Thursday after rebels fled under heavy aerial and artillery bombardment, the Interfax news agency said. A landmark gay rights bill was derailed at the last minute by a bloc of conservative senators, but supporters vowed Wednesday to revive the legislation. Three foreigners were killed when a Russian-made cargo plane crashed into a rice field north of the Philippine capital, but three others survived, authorities said Thursday. The Rangers tentatively plan on Mike Lamb making his first big-league start at catcher Thursday, and unless they make a trade for another catcher, he could be the backup until Ivan Rodriguez returns. A major earthquake off the coast of Indonesia's Sumatra island that measured up to 8.2 on the Richter scale does not appear to have triggered a tsunami, meteorological officials said Tuesday. To begin with, there is Iran's president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (AH-ma-di-NE-jad), who captured headlines during his visit to New York this week. His multi-syllabic name has bedeviled broadcasters and even other heads of state since he was elected president two years ago. Attacking an increasingly popular Internet business practice, a consumer watchdog group Monday filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission asserting that many online search engines are concealing the impact special fees have on search results by Internet users. The following are exchange rates against the Pakistani rupee issued by the Treasury Management Division of the National Bank of Pakistan on Thursday.
t7093 Mike Tyson's 1992 rape conviction rape raised the nation's awareness about violence in America's sports culture, and when he leaves prison Saturday he will find the debate still raging. An appeals court on Wednesday upheld the fraud conviction of a former executive at Swedish insurer Skandia AB, but reduced his prison sentence from two years to 18 months. A Katyusha rocket caused an explosion on Thursday in the Jordanian port of Aqaba near Israel's resort of Eilat, a Jordanian security official said citing sources close to investigators. Q. I have an e-mail address that I have never given to anyone but I get junk mail nonetheless. How did the spammer find me? North Korea said Monday it was taking countermeasures to prevent the spread of deadly bird flu amid fears that an outbreak could wipe out the country's poultry industry. The funniest, most satisfying new DVD release this week is the special two-disc edition of writer- director Judd Apatow's romantic comedy "Knocked Up" (Universal, $30). A letter bomb went off at a police station Monday, injuring one officer and raising tensions ahead of the Group of Eight summit here later this week. The Information Office of the State Council published Wednesday a white paper, titled "China's Space Activities," which gives a brief introduction to the aims and principles, present situation, future development and international cooperation concerning China's space activities.
t2948 Police arrested 28 suspected Mafiosi in an overnight swoop on a town near this eastern Sicilian city, anti-Mafia investigators said Saturday. A key House lawmaker on Wednesday threatened to strip the Federal Reserve of its authority to write rules against abuses in the market for high-risk mortgages if the central bank did not act quickly to do so. The Vatican failed to respond to the mother of a girl sexually abused by a Catholic priest in the US state of Florida and allowed the alleged abuser to work openly in Italy, a lawyer charged Wednesday. Most online discount brokerage firms have been running for the exits, desperately diversifying away from their slumping core trading businesses into anything but. Sudan has accused humanitarian agencies operating in the war-torn region of Darfur of using only a fraction of funds from donors on the crisis and retaining much of it for their own activities, the independent al-Sahafa daily reported Sunday. Old age can bring a number of challenges, including chronic illnesses, Medicare choices, limited incomes and care-giving duties. Finding resources, accurate information and the latest updates on services and programs can be difficult, especially if senior citizens are not computer savvy or don't have access to the Internet. Former FBI agent Robert Hanssen pleaded guilty to spying for Moscow in an agreement aimed at providing a full accounting of the damage from one of America's gravest espionage cases. A national trade fair opened in this capital of central Henan Province Friday, aiming to promote cooperation of rural enterprises in eastern and western China.
t6855 The price of shares in the rescued Credit Lyonnais bank was up 10.34 percent on Wednesday after a suspension of trading on heavy demand and as controversy about the terms of the rescue continued. The head of an opposition-aligned Venezuelan television station that was forced off the air by that nation's government said he has received offers to co-produce and transmit programming from Mexico. The US Senate has unanimously approved a resolution backing Serbia's bid to join the European Union and urging Belgrade to intensify its hunt for alleged war criminals including Ratko Mladic. Hypertension, heart disease and diabetes may be playing a role in why African-Americans stricken with cancer die more often than whites diagnosed with the same cancer, new medical research reveals. Four radical Islamist suspects were set to go on trial in Paris on Tuesday to face charges they helped murder Afghan leader Ahmed Shah Massoud, just two days before the September 11, 2001 attacks in the United States. The Archbishop of Canterbury, the head of the Anglican Communion, made a rare visit Thursday to a meeting of Episcopal bishops to urge them to compromise in the face of international pressure over their approval of same-sex unions and gay clergy. Country music star Trisha Yearwood says her divorce from musician Robert Reynolds had nothing to do with the fact that she's had more commercial success than him. The government of Pakistan is committed to completely eradicate cultivation of poppy by the end of this year, official sources said here Tuesday.
t8162 As the funeral of a Filipina maid hanged in Singapore was in progress Sunday, a major Philippine movie outfit was already busy filming the burial for use in a movie it plans to make about her life. Canada's two largest telecommunications companies, BCE Inc. and Telus Corp., are discussing the possibility of combining their businesses as Canadian pension funds and foreign investors bid for BCE. Flamenco, tapas and white wine from morning to evening: the Feria de Abril in Seville attracts thousands of tourists, despite their frustration at being excluded from private parties thrown by locals. Israel and the Palestinians, bowing to pressure from President Bush, on Sunday accepted a proposal that allows Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to go free and places six militants wanted by Israel under the long-term guard of an American-British security detail. British tycoon Philip Green, who last year failed in a bid to buy retail giant Marks and Spencer, confirmed on Friday the purchase of fashion retailer Etam UK from French group Etam Developpement. Iran's president delivered fiery remarks Friday about Israel and his country's nuclear program on the occasion of Al- Quds Day, the annual event marking Islamic opposition to the Jewish state's control of Jerusalem. Tokyo's benchmark stock index tumbled Wednesday, closing below the key 12,000 mark for the first time in four months on concerns over the Japanese economy. The U.S. dollar slipped against the yen. Stock prices closed mixed in Tokyo Tuesday, with the benchmark Nikkei index falling on profit- taking following Monday's sharp rise.
t7175 A 38-year-old woman from Sierra Leone jumped to her death at Bangkok's international airport Thursday when anti-narcotics police began to search her bags, an official said. Israel fired missiles and sent tanks on a foray into Gaza on Wednesday, killing four Palestinians in the deadliest military action since Hamas militants took control of the coastal strip. Private sector manufacturing across the eurozone posted the fastest growth for a decade in April, according to data and research group Markit on Thursday. All across New England, no doubt, TV repairmen were zipping around Wednesday faster than the Domino's Pizza deliverer on Super Bowl Sunday, asked to pull shoes and hand-flung remote controls and cellphones out of shattered screens big and small. Two Indian paramilitary troopers were killed and 16 people injured in attacks by Islamic militants in restive India-administered Kashmir, police said Monday. Barack Obama picked up the endorsement Monday of Gordon Fischer, a well-known Iowa Democrat, as his campaign stepped up its two-pronged effort to raise money before the end of the quarter and prove he is best poised to win the general election. A bomb exploded at a train station in northern Israel on Monday, police said, wounding five people. Israel radio reported one person was killed. The breaches concerned failures in the completion of customer assets reconciliations and the organization and the control of its custody business.
t6512 British scientists Tuesday said they had identified a mutant gene responsible for a severe form of mental retardation that will allow doctors to warn prospective mothers of their chances of having a handicapped child. In a stark sign of its rejection of Hamas' takeover of the Gaza Strip, Egypt announced it was moving its embassy from Gaza to the West Bank, headquarters of moderate Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, a foreign ministry statement said Tuesday. The emission of ash from Iceland's erupting Eyjafjoell volcano has fallen to "insignificant" levels, one of the country's leading seismologists said on Wednesday. But the other day, I tuned into a daylong marathon of ``Rick Steves' Europe'' shows on public television, and I noticed something: In show after show _ whether Steves was puttering around a Sicilian fishing village, browsing the Musee d'Orsay or sitting down to fondue in a Swiss alpine Roses in May became America's fifth winner in the 10 runnings of the world's richest race, the 6million dollar Dubai World Cup, here on Saturday. With stark images and deadly sounds, Ken Burns's landmark PBS World War II documentary depicts what the filmmaker calls "the worst war that ever happened to humans." He traces the events of 1941 to 1945 with vintage photos and film, enhanced by personal recollections of survivors on the front A wrinkled, old woman who knew Pakistan's president as a child blessed him Saturday at his ancestral mansion. From behind a curtain, a young orphan girl whose home was demolished for the leader's security watched helplessly. At least two people were killed and 12 others, including children, injured, when a 50-kilogram explosive device having been planted in an Israeli school bus went off in Gaza Strip Monday morning, Israeli Radio reported.
t9313 A Bangkok-based human rights group Wednesday condemned the detention by Indonesian authorities of members of an independent journalists' union, and called for their release. Pakistan's suspended chief justice was expected to address a rally in the eastern city of Multan on Sunday, the latest protest in a monthslong campaign that has threatened the rule of President Gen. Pervez Musharraf. If and when Mount Vesuvius wakes up from its long slumber it will threaten more than a million people, Italy's public safety chief said Tuesday. To put it bluntly, if NATO, the military arm of the trans-Aatlantic alliance, had not existed in the post-Sept. 11 world, would anyone be seeking to invent it? A high profile New Zealand government MP, who said he was sick of hearing about the Holocaust, was told by Prime Minister Helen Clark Monday he should consider finding a new job, but she stopped short of demanding his resignation. Complaints: Ria Manglapus, my Washington Post associate in vehicle evaluations, had higher expectations of the Vue XR. She disagrees with my assessment of its handling and performance. "To me, it felt heavier and less sporty than the Honda CR-V EX or the Mazda CX-7," she said. "I prefer driving Astronauts struggled with more air leaks aboard the international space station on Thursday, this time inside the newly attached portal for spacewalkers. Li Guixian, vice chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), met here Monday with a delegation from the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF).
t1201 The money was raised through Guadeloupe using the overseas department's tax concessions. Pajot is supposed to start a sailing centre in Guadeloupe under the agreement. The United States and Russia are working on a plan to transfer $25 million (euro18.7 million) in once frozen North Korean funds held at an Asian bank, a move aimed at reviving stalled nuclear disarmament efforts. Sweden's Roman Catholic Church said Tuesday it had received reports of two cases of child abuse by its clergy, as the snowballing paedophilia scandal reached the Scandinavian country. BellSouth and Joseph Safra, one of Brazil's wealthiest bankers, are engaged in a dispute that may result in a big and messy corporate debt renegotiation. Malaysian share prices closed 0.19 percent higher Thursday in cautious trade as record oil prices kept investors at bay, dealers said. President Bush faced a new challenge to his Iraq war strategy Friday when two key Republican lawmakers proposed forcing the White House to submit a plan to start redeploying troops by the end of the year. Government programs that give preference to Native Hawaiians _ including one that allows them to lease home sites for 99 years for $1 _ were challenged in federal court Monday as racially discriminatory. A grand gathering was held here this morning in the Great Hall of People to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the detaching of the Chinese People's Volunteers to Korea to fight against U.S. aggressors together with the People's Army of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
t7329 Mr.Poole, said the French striker "was bitterly disappointed, not with anyone else but with himself and such emotions as he felt were directed at himself and not at anybody else." Defense expert Zeev Schiff, one of Israel's most respected and well known journalists, died Tuesday night, his paper, the Haaretz daily, announced. He was 74. South Korea's Hynix Semiconductor said Thursday the firm swung into the black in the first quarter to March with record quarterly sales on strong demand. Roy Oswalt tossed and turned, struggled with his breathing, and barely collected four hours of sleep heading into his outing Wednesday night. It was hardly the way to prepare for a start, but he sure as heck wasn't telling anybody. The judge in Michael Jackson's child molestation trial Monday allowed prosecutors to present testimony regarding five previous cases of alleged sex abuse by the star. Joseph Castello, who prosecutors say fueled the illegal underground economy by cashing $660 million in checks, has been sentenced to the maximum 5 years in prison, according to officials. President Bush warned against complacency in the face of falling gas prices Monday, as a hoarse Vice President Dick Cheney headlined a Republican roadshow promoting the national energy strategy he shaped. China has started an educational project to provide financial help and professional training for students from poor families who excel in the arts.
t2931 India's main opposition party Saturday claimed victory in two key states that went to the polls last month, and demanded immediate general elections. Most Iraqi military units arriving in Baghdad for an American-led security crackdown have only 75 percent of their assigned soldiers, a senior Army general said Wednesday. Former Australian national swimming coach Alan Thompson has switched to rugby league administration, a day after he was officially cleared of misconduct allegations by Swimming Australia. A six-week-long tussle over President Hugo Chavez's management of the state oil company has turned into his most serious crisis, with exports of oil disrupted by a labor slowdown and a general strike called for Tuesday by labor and business leaders. Jordan has recalled its top diplomat in Iraq for consultations amid a wave of anti-Jordanian protests in the neighbouring country, Jordanian Foreign Minister Hani Mulki told AFP Sunday. It's rare to find a $5 wine that even passes the drinkability test -- let alone deserves high praise. This California wine is one. President Bush, after faulting the Kyoto climate treaty for excluding developing nations from its requirements, wants to cut U.S. aid for helping Third World countries combat global warming. Professor Wei Jinsheng, of the China Research Center of Population Information, suggested efforts should be made to have more farmers engage in non-agriculture business, which will help improve their standard of living and finally streamline their concept on birth control.
t1988 Shanghai Pingjie Seafood Corp. Ltd. has become the first private company here to offer special bonds to raise capital for expansion, company and banking officials said Thursday. Republican presidential contender Rudy Giuliani on Tuesday offered a dozen proposals for reform on issues from energy to education, echoing standard political promises and providing few specifics. Seven victims of clerical abuse met the Maltese archbishop and renewed a request to meet the pope when he visits the island at the weekend, a spokesman said Wednesday. Serenaded by the cheers of hundreds of onlookers, Angola's warring generals signed a cease-fire on Thursday to silence the guns that have savaged this country for more than two decades. France was hit by a political shockwave Friday after an opinion poll for the first time suggested that a majority of the public will reject the EU's constitution at a referendum in ten weeks' time. The prosecution in the Phil Spector murder trial formally rested its case Monday, calling a sheriff's investigator who raised questions about whether all of the evidence the defense had found was turned over to prosecutors. Ex-spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos has ended a hunger strike after officials agreed to allow his family to provide his food in a maximum-security naval prison, authorities said Wednesday. An Iranian hardliner on Sunday urged the United States to change its hostile policies toward Iran and stop its interference in Iran's internal affairs, the official IRNA news agency reported.
t4482 Up to four people died and 25 were wounded in new clashes here Wednesday between Moslem Alawite protestors and police as pressure mounted on Turkey's interior minister and on Istanbul's law-and-order chief to resign. Meseret Defar of Ethiopia broke the women's world record in the 5,000 meters in 14 minutes, 16.63 seconds at the Bislett Games on Friday. Poland reopened its airspace at 4:00 am (0200 GMT) Sunday but only for planes overflying the country, the spokesman for the Polish air traffic control agency was quoted as saying by the PAP news agency. In June 1972, strong winds ripped through a 100-yard stretch in Okeechobee, tearing up 50 mobile homes and killing six people. Another person was killed in a mobile home near LaBelle. At the time, Hurricane Agnes, the last great killer hurricane to strike the United States, was hundreds of Hong Kong will ask Beijing to step into a political dispute which followed the recent resignation of the city's leader, a leading newspaper in the former British territory said Wednesday. International: ITALY -- SAN LUCA, Italy -- Fearing reprisal killings, Italian police inspect cars arriving at the funeral for victims in a Mafia feud, but some relatives take a defiant stand -- wearing white instead of black and vowing not to avenge but to forgive, although police remain unconvinced. News of a slowdown at Corning triggered another selloff on Wall Street Tuesday as investors' hopes for a business turnaround in 2001 dissipated further. With this in mind, Thailand was promoting agribusiness development rather than selling unprocessed ingredients as in the past, Chuan said when opening AgAsia 2000, the first international technology exposition and conference for Asian agriculture and agroindustries Thursday.
t2310 Five workers for a French aid agency detained by Bosnian Serb separatists in a Sarajevo suburb are "in good health," the French foreign ministry said Thursday. Ousted Thai leader Thaksin Shinawatra has purchased a HK$210 million (US$27 million, euro20.23 million) townhouse on the Peak -- an exclusive Hong Kong neighborhood that's home to tycoons, celebrities and diplomats, a local paper reported Wednesday. The US government has joined German and Russian authorities in investigating whether US computer giant Hewlett-Packard paid millions of dollars in bribes to win a contract in Russia, The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday. When the Rev. Edward Pipala, a Catholic school teacher on Staten Island, appeared at the offices of the New York Archdiocese at 5:45 one morning in 1977, he was nervous and scared. The mother of a teenage student had accused him of a sexual encounter with her son. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Saturday called on China to embrace democracy, saying Beijing needed to be more open to benefit fully from its surging economic growth. A 24-year-old fisherman was arrested in Newport Beach, Calif., Friday for allegedly stabbing a California Sea Lion repeatedly with a steak knife after the animal stole his bait. President Bush is nominating Justice Department veteran Robert Mueller to head the FBI, a senior White House aide said Thursday. The China Construction Bank ( CCB) announced today that in the first three quarters of this year, it earned a profit of 6.8 billion yuan (approximately 872 million U.S. dollars).
t6420 Drought-breaking rain and an increase in minerals prices will increase the value of Australian commodity exports by nine-percent in the year to June 1996, Canberra's chief forecaster said on Tuesday. During the past 12 years, 660 police officers were injured in clashes with fans at Bundesliga first- and second-division matches. World oil prices breached 84 dollars on Wednesday as European governments reopened their airspace to more flights following a shutdown caused by ash from an erupting volcano in Iceland. Add your car to the list of things you can now track on the Internet. Technology offered by several companies, including OnStar, GPS 2000, Code and InterTrak, allows customers to use global positioning satellites to locate their car using the Internet. Kyrgyzstan's acting leader Kurmanbek Bakiyev said Saturday he would stand as a candidate in the nation's new presidential election set for June. With fewer employers providing retiree health insurance than in the past, you may have to shop for insurance to cover your health-care costs between retirement and qualifying for Medicare. Here are some tips from Cheryl Matheis, director of health strategy for AARP: Kelly Air Force Base became history Friday, closing 85 years after it opened in the height of World War I. A visiting delegation from China's National People's Congress (NPC) Monday donated 200,000 U. S. dollars to the Mozambican Assembly to help victims of the floods hit the southern African country in February this year.
t2482 Beijing is poised to bid for the 2004 Olympic Games a senior International Olympic Committee (IOC) official confirmed here Friday. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Wednesday denounced the factional fighting in Gaza as "madness" and urged an end to the bloody confrontations there. A UN-appointed independent panel was Thursday to release its report into the 2007 murder of Pakistani ex-premier Benazir Bhutto, but diplomats said it would not identify the culprits. A team of American soldiers completed a sweep on Saturday of a large cave network believed to have been used recently by al-Qaida and Taliban fighters, carrying away photos, dossiers and vials containing an unidentified white powder. Oil-rich Kuwait is set to post its largest budget surplus ever in fiscal 2004-5 on the back of high oil prices and a rise in production, official statistics show. Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. suffered a seizure Monday while vacationing at his summer home off the coast of Maine, causing a fall that resulted in minor scrapes. Microsoft Corp. is working to fix a problem that has left about a third of MSN Messenger users either unable to log on or access their personal address books, known as buddy lists. Director-General of the World Trade Organization (WTO) Mike Moore Wednesday hailed the establishment by nine African countries of a free-trade zone covering a population of 170 million.
t7509 Five hundred police began searching the Aum Supreme Truth sect's property in Osaka Friday while additional units resumed searches of its buildings in the village of Kamikuishiki, a report said. Charles Hoang winced when the whoosh went out of the tires. Daniel Maldonado took pictures with a digital camera as glass exploded and rained down to the ground. Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Friday accused world powers of trying to destroy the economies of Zimbabwe and his own nation, which faces the threat of tougher UN sanctions. University of Georgia scientists have produced a calf from a dead cow in a revolutionary application of technology that could make available more consistent choice cuts of beef. Japan's unemployment rate rose unexpectedly to a six-month high in February, sparking fresh concerns Tuesday that the world's second-largest economy continues to flirt with recession after only a modest bounce late last year. Today, when in-flight opulence is limited to perusing the SkyMall catalog while sipping your one complimentary can of Sierra Mist, Diaz's aspiration understandably elicits a shrug. In 1967, however, air travel held more allure. Being a flight attendant meant serving cocktails to captains of industry and chain-smoking celebrities aboard Shrugging off a succession of defeats, those who believe the flag should be protected by the Constitution are again taking their case before Congress. Old motor vehicles more than 20 years old will be banned from all the municipalities in Nepal starting on November, 2001, in order to reduce the increasing air pollution, The Rising Nepal, the official English daily, said Friday.
t8142 Australian Michael Doohan took up where he left off in his last world championship season making a one-act affair of the opening Australian 500cc motorcycle grand prix here Sunday. Britain and the United States signed a treaty Thursday to cut red tape on arms deals and improve the compatibility of military equipment. Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva on Saturday rejected a compromise offer from anti-government "Red Shirts", who had said they would end weeks of protests if polls were called in 30 days. Two weeks after returning to office after his brief ouster, President Hugo Chavez started to shake up his Cabinet Sunday by announcing the appointment of a new vice president and promising changes in the country's economic policy team. Interest rates in India will remain stable despite concern rising global oil prices will spur inflation, Finance Minister P. Chidambaram said Friday. What was coming out of the television? Talk of Christmas Eve gunplay in Baghdad. An Iraqi vice president's security guard killed by a drunk off-duty private security contractor. The shooter was fired and quickly hustled out of Iraq. And live from the Beltway, a set-piece battle of wits between Juan Antonio Samaranch, former president of the International Olympic Committee, has been hospitalized due to ``extreme fatigue,'' the IOC said Wednesday. The Thai government will launch an official e-commerce website tomorrow to promote the kingdom's external trade, the Thai News Agency reported Tuesday.
t2513 Russian border guards arrested eight suspected Chinese poachers after firing warning shots on Russia's far eastern border with China on Friday, ITAR-TASS reported. Colette Avital pulled out of Israel's presidential race after the first round of voting Wednesday, a move almost certain to clinch victory for Shimon Peres in second round. The International Monetary Fund said Thursday it was sending a mission to debt- stricken Greece next week for the first discussions on a possible loan, following a request by Greek authorities. It was the time of the space race and beehives and bouffants, the civil rights movement and rock 'n roll, ``Rawhide'' and the assassination of JFK. Germany's Axel Teichmann won the men's nordic ski World Cup here Saturday when he placed seventh in the closing 30km race. Auwalu Ise is a picture of sartorial elegance. It takes the finest imported shoes, a splash of perfume and an imperious manner to complete what he calls his ``silent deceit.'' Red Sox shortstop Nomar Garciaparra made another step toward his return on Thursday by taking some live batting practice for the first time since undergoing wrist surgery. The Second Shanghai International Festival of Arts is ready with preparations for the festival ended, the organizing committee of the festival announced Wednesday.
t9961 Philippine police are hunting for a Pakistani trader suspected of involvement in an aborted plot to assassinate Pope John Paul II, police said Friday. Wall Street gave up early gains to trade narrowly mixed Monday, with investors cautious about making any big moves ahead of data on existing home sales. The prosecution in the retrial of an Egyptian businessman sentenced to hang for ordering the murder of a Lebanese pop star produced gruesome pictures of the slain singer in court on Wednesday. No matter how the French presidential election turns out tomorrow, the extreme right-wing candidate, Jean-Marie Le Pen, lost in the streets of Paris on Wednesday _ May Day. A rally held by Le Pen's party, the National Front, attracted only about 20,000 people while the anti-Le Pen rally drew Former US president Bill Clinton on Monday announced a plan to provide treatment for more than 60,000 AIDS-infected children in China and nine other countries, expanding a program already underway in Thailand and Brazil. It was a 100-mile day of wide-open throttle, hard braking and high-speed corners. A day divvied up into 1.8-mile chunks as I sped around the Streets of Willow racetrack on the 2008 Buell 1125R again and again, faster and faster. Two astronauts pushed open the international space station's new front door early Saturday and stepped out into the void to finish work on the spacewalking passageway. The ecological cattle farm began its construction early this month in Kangping County in northeast China's Liaoning Province, covering an area of 2.6 million square meters and producing 20,000 cattle annually.
t4157 Former Tanzanian president Julius Nyerere on Tuesday accused the government of President Ali Hassan Mwinyi of corruption and violating the constitution and urged Tanzanians to vote differently in the next elections. The Dalai Lama met Friday with Australia's prime minister, whose decision this week to host the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader drew stern criticism from China. The hotly-awaited opening of Dubai's Armani Hotel has been postponed by the cancellation of international flights due to Europe's volcanic ash cloud, Gulf News reported on its website late on Sunday. Strong car sales have propelled the shares of auto parts manufacturers, the mostly small to midsize companies that sell to giants like Ford and General Motors. As the broader stock market drifted sideways during the first quarter, the stocks of some of these companies rose 20 percent to 50 A giant puma-like cat was feared to be on the loose in one of London's leafiest suburbs on Tuesday after a man said he had been pounced on by a creature, which then stood hissing on his chest. Uptown girl Christie Brinkley has put her 20-acre Bridgehampton estate on the market for $30 million -- and this time she's flying solo. Helicopters roared overhead and armored personnel carriers rumbled down capital streets Monday night as the army deployed across Jamaica to quell three days of politically charged violence that has killed at least 20 people. South Africa's ruling party, the African National Congress (ANC), said on Thursday that it is committed to working with traditional leaders, criticizing opposition parties for spreading misinformation in local election campaigns.
t1779 Israel will commemorate Jerusalem's 3,000th birthday from September with an 11-million dollar extravaganza to reinforce the holy city's Jewish identity, mayor Ehud Olmert said Wednesday. Kurdish guerrilla group PKK said Tuesday it will no longer stage attacks on Turkish targets but will continue to defend itself when attacked, a Belgium-based Kurdish news agency reported. Travel reservations group Amadeus said Wednesday it hoped to raise 1.3 million euros in an intial public offering in what would be the largest stock flotation in Europe since the start of the global financial crisis. Parents, teachers and even leaders of a recall effort praised the Piper school board Wednesday for apologizing for its handling of a plagiarism incident. Mexico's Lorena Ochoa and Siew-Ai Lim of Malaysia shared the first-round lead of the LPGA Tour's Safeway International on Thursday, with Swedish superstar Annika Sorenstam and American Juli Inkster a stroke back. ``Desiderio Da Settignano, Sculptor Of Renaissance Florence'' is on view through Oct. 8 at the National Gallery of Art, . It was organized by the National Gallery in collaboration with the Louvre in Paris and the Bargello Museum in Florence. It makes its only U.S. stop in Washington. Jose Lima won for the first time in nearly three months as the Detroit Tigers ended their eight-game losing streak Tuesday night with an 8-4 victory over the Kansas City Royals. More than 1,200 hooded cranes have migrated to the Zha Lung Natural Reserve in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang Province in northeast China this autumn, indicating the environmental improvement of the creature's habitat, according to experts.
t6822 Turkey does not want to establish a buffer zone in northern Iraq and will eventually withdraw, Turkish Foreign Minister Ferhat Ataman said Wednesday. "Saving Private Ryan" actor Tom Sizemore asked a judge for another chance after acknowledging that he had violated his parole in a drug case. French holiday group Club Med dropped a cruise to Lebanon on Thursday after angering Jewish groups by banning passengers with Israeli passport stamps since Lebanese authorities would not let them land. It's fascinating to watch Juliana Cumbo's hands as she cooks. She flattens a ball of pie dough with her fingers on the shiny stainless steel kitchen countertop at a local chef's school and reaches for a rolling pin. Using sure strokes, she rolls one direction, then another, lifting the Oxford, the heaviest crew in Boat Race history, won the 151st edition of the event on the River Thames here on Sunday. In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Drake said he would not discuss why he rescinded his offer to Chemerinsky, an outspoken Duke University law professor and constitutional scholar, because it was a personnel matter that must be kept private. Pongsaklek Singwangcha of Thailand retained his WBC flyweight title Sunday by stopping Hayato Asai of Japan in the fifth round after his third knockdown. Iran has trained some 800,000 Basijis (volunteer forces) and will station them along the eastern borders with Afghanistan, the official IRNA news agency reported Tuesday.
t472 China and India ended three days of talks on their protracted border dispute here Saturday with an agreement to open two new border points for meetings between their military personnel. Alexandre Boucicaut's goal with 18 minutes remaining in the second half helped Haiti salvage its second 1-1 tie in CONCACAF Gold Cup group play Saturday night. Celtic's Danish striker Morten Rasmussen on Monday received a one-match ban for elbowing Kilmarnock defender Frazer Wright in his side's Scottish Cup quarter- final win at Rugby Park last month. Margaret Allaire had been unemployed for a few months and had no immediate job prospects when she got a large, unexpected check in the mail last summer. FC Porto's exit from the Champions League following their 3-1 defeat at Inter Milan on Tuesday has led the Portuguese media to sound the death knell for the holders' glory days. Jeanie Dwight (Brenda Blethyn) works as a short-order cook in a Sydney cafeteria, but she used to be a comedy star and wishes she still was. Everything that's funny and sad about ``Introducing the Dwights,'' an appealing Australian comedy tinged with melancholy, springs from this simple fact. Jeanie may The Washington Wizards bought out the final two years of shooting guard Mitch Richmond's contract for $10 million, the Washington Post reported Saturday. An Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) team wrapped up its fact-finding mission Sunday in the southern Philippine island of Mindanao.
t801 Syndicate head John Bertrand serves as tactician aboard oneAustralia and Rod Davis is helmsman. David Barnes was the non-participating 17th man Sunday. Jay Haas cruised to his third Champions Tour win of the season, shooting a 2-under 69 Sunday to take the Principal Charity Classic by three strokes. China's banking watchdog has ordered banks to review their loans to local government investment firms amid fears of bad debts arising from rampant lending, a report said Monday. President Bush said Saturday that he held Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, personally responsible for the waves of suicide bombings in Israel, and strongly sided with the Israeli government even while warning that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon should temper military action to preserve a ``path for peace.'' The US balance of payments worsened in 2004, with the current account deficit hitting a record 665.5 billion dollars, data showed Wednesday, raising more fears about the sliding dollar and global imbalances that some say pose big risks. President Bush, facing a growing Republican revolt against his Iraq policy, has rejected calls to change course but will launch a campaign emphasizing his intent to draw down U.S. forces next year and move toward a more limited mission if security conditions improve, senior officials said Monday. A year after losing a final-round lead to a red-hot rival, Bruce Fleisher won the U.S. Senior Open by a stroke Sunday for his first major title as Jack Nicklaus and other challengers fell off the pace. The Bangladesh High Court Tuesday disposed of a contempt charge filed last August against Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, with the observation that the prime minister should be more careful and respectful in making comments regarding the judiciary and the judges.
t3819 The announcement by former president Carlos Salinas that he left Mexico has prompted an opposition party to call for a thorough investigation into his role in the country's financial collapse. The only surviving pair of endangered pygmy rabbits released as part of a program to increase their numbers in the wild have dodged coyotes, badgers, hawks and owls and found time for love. Some European leaders began Saturday a long drive to the funeral of Poland's president but the closure of much of Europe's airspace cast doubt on the attendance of other top guests. Last Sunday, Bob Baffert believed he was out of quality 3-year-old horses and was about to miss his first Kentucky Derby in six years. A US soldier was killed in action on Monday in Iraq's restive Al-Anbar province, west of Baghdad, the US military said Tuesday in a statement. Abu Mohammed is an undercover policeman by day, patrolling the Shiite Muslim slum of Sadr City. Come sundown, however, Mohammed commands a platoon of the Mahdi Army, or Jaish al Mahdi, a Shiite militia associated with radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr that is widely accused of sectarian killings and neighborhood Patrick Rafter has won the fourth set 6-2 against Goran Ivanisevic to tie the Wimbledon men's final at two sets apiece. Ivanisevic won the first set 6-3, Rafter won the second 6-3 and Ivanisevic the third 6-3. Ecuadorian President Gustavo Noboa focused on economic cooperation with Chile during his on- going three-day official visit to this country.
t5903 Finland's opposition Social Democrats won general elections Sunday after a campaign dominated by the country's worst economic recession in 50 years. First it was Manu Ginobili and his third NBA crown splashed across the front pages. Now it's golfer Angel Cabrera winning the U.S. Open. South Korea said Tuesday six-party nuclear disarmament talks on North Korea will not be able to resume if the communist state is found to be involved in the sinking of one of its warships. I first learned about Pakistan's silent majority at a time when most of the world found itself stunned and speechless at the killing of thousands on Sept. 11. An earthquake measuring 5.4 on the Richter scale shook the Andaman and Nicobar group of islands early Friday, the Indian meteorological department said. When something goes badly on Wall Street, people wind up in court. And the subprime mortgage mess is no exception. World governments are not providing enough money for U.N. aid agencies, a situation that could force cutbacks in relief global efforts, top U.N. officials said Thursday. Rwanda's Minister of Youth, Culture and Sports Francois NGarambe has hailed the country's women umbrella organization, Pro-Femmes Twese Hamwe, for its continuous efforts to promote the culture of peace and tolerance in the country, Rwanda News Agency reported Friday.
t7515 The State Department demanded the immediate release Thursday of a US national kidnapped in Chad, saying he required special daily medical care. An oil industry trade group said it has developed standards to better protect workers from explosions like the 2005 BP refinery in Texas explosion that killed 15 people and injured 170. Diplomats said on Friday Greece's euro peers will cough up tens of billions in loans this year to stem any contagion effect, even as German Chancellor Angela Merkel put conditions on giving aid. Three Austin doctors envision a day when women with breast cancer won't face two distressing surgical choices: remove the entire breast with a mastectomy or cut away a portion with a lumpectomy. The Belgian wife of a Sri Lankan artist who fled Singapore after being charged for cocaine possession was jailed for lying about his movements, reports said Tuesday. BANGKOK, Thailand-- Violence subsided markedly in Yangon on Friday as armed troops sealed off key downtown streets in an attempt to halt the bloody rioting that has shaken Myanmar and generated broad condemnation of the military dictatorship that has ruled the country for nearly half a century. A pregnant woman was wounded by gunfire during a botched bank heist in which armed bandits held 20 people hostage for five hours before being taken peacefully into custody, police said. Vince Carter led the Toronto Raptors to beat the slumping Indiana Pacers 111-91 in the lone game on the NBA schedule on Thursday.
t2411 Nearly 5,000 tourists spent three days blocked in the southern Chinese tourist town of Guilin, after thick fog blanketed the area and stopped all air traffic, Chinese radio reported Friday. Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Wednesday that Israeli and Palestinian authorities should prosecute people on both sides who attacked civilians in the Gaza town of Beit Hanoun and in nearby parts of Israel late last year. Chinese President Hu Jintao met Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ahead of an international conference in Brazil on Thursday, state media said. The city's Uniformed Firefighters Association will no longer refer the families of its members who died in the Sept. 11 attack on the World Trade Center to a small Long Island brokerage firm whose track record has been tarnished by questionable behavior, and in some cases illegal conduct, by The fight over the right of a severely brain-damaged Florida woman to live or die raged on Saturday, a day after the feeding tube that sustained her for 15 years was removed. To many labor unions and high-tech workers, the Indian giant Tata Consultancy Services is a serious threat -- a company that has helped move U.S. jobs to India while sending thousands of foreign workers on temporary visas to the United States. WorldCom on Thursday reduced its profit and revenue forecasts, which it said will no longer reflect the company's stake in a Brazilian telephone company as well as other factors. Tanzania's National Electoral Commission (NEC) has backed a decision made by the Zanzibar Electoral Commission (ZEC) to organize new elections in 16 of Zanzibar's 50 constituencies.
t6407 The fall of the value of the dollar could pose a long-term danger to the US economy, the president of the Bundesbank Hans Tietmeyer said on Tuesday. Two-thirds of U.S. parents said they are very concerned about sex and violence American children are exposed to in the media, and there would be broad support for new government limits on such material on television, a survey says. Airports are opening across Europe, but the thousands of passengers still stranded in India face a desperate and frustrating scramble for the first flights home. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com The toppled regime in Kyrgyzstan was the most relatively democratic in the region and its demise will likely prompt other Central Asian states to clamp down harder on opponents rather than spark similar uprisings, Britain's former ambassador to Uzbekistan said. White House officials began Sunday to distribute background materials on Mukasey to Republican aides on the Senate Judiciary Committee in preparation for confirmation hearings in a month or so, the staffers said. Former military dictator Paul Magloire, who ruled Haiti from 1950 to 1956, has died, family members said Friday. He was 94. South Africa on Monday started a campaign to vaccinate animals in areas affected by the foot-and-mouth disease, according to government health officials.
t3179 Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi turned the screws Sunday on Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini, giving him two months to unite the Zulu nation or face being sidelined. Malaysia's leader promised to do everything possible to fight human trafficking, after the U.S. blacklisted the country for allegedly not doing enough about the problem. A German court fined renegade British Catholic bishop Richard Williamson for Holocaust denial Friday in a case that has deeply embarrassed the Vatican. With a crisp salute and a rousing speech, President Pervez Musharraf opened his one-man campaign on Tuesday to stay in office for five more years. A US soldier was killed in action on Sunday in Iraq's restive Al-Anbar province, west of Baghdad, the US military said Monday. U.S. forces staged a major two-pronged attack on a neighborhood controlled by Shiite militia groups Wednesday morning, killing at least 17 people, according to the military and Iraqi police. North Korea sent fighter jet pilots to combat U.S. forces during the Vietnam War, the communist state's official news media reported. Addressing more than 100 noted Chinese and Russian entrepreneurs, the prime minister urged the business people of the two countries to make joint efforts to push the two-way trade to a new high.
t1597 Child brides and polygamy are common in rural Palestinian society, particularly on the occupied West Bank where women's rights are in a state of anarchy. The Dalai Lama was due to meet Australia's opposition leader during a visit to the capital on Tuesday, and Prime Minister John Howard said he will speak with the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader later this week. After outclassing Arsenal and Real Madrid in the space of five days treble winners Barcelona are on for a league and Champions League double and aim to build on their three-point lead over Real at the top of La Liga when they host Deportivo La Coruna on Wednesday. WASHINGTON _A coalition of civil rights and liberal advocacy groups urged Congress Wednesday to drop a proposed rule to require first-time voters to show a picture I.D. at the voting booth. The US Army expects to reduce the size of its force in Iraq later this year and next because of gains from successful elections and a campaign against Iraqi insurgents, the Army's number two officer said Thursday. Hot on the heels of April's appointment of 26-year-old Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel to succeed Los Angeles Philharmonic Music Director Esa-Pekka Salonen in 2009, the venerable New York Philharmonic Orchestra announced Wednesday that it has also chosen a new young leader: 40-year-old Alan Gilbert. Forward Rob Ray, the Buffalo Sabres all-time penalty minutes leader, signed a one-year deal Tuesday to remain with the team. LAGOS, October 27 (Xinhua) --The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) is working toward making the sub-region a free trade area by year 2003, the News Agency of Nigeria reported on Friday.
t9989 The European Union, which has been highly critical of Japan's sluggish implementation of deregulation measures, said it would reserve judgement on the programme unveiled Friday by the Japanese authorities. Talks between Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. and Dow Jones &amp; Co. have accelerated and the two sides appear closer to reaching an agreement on protecting the editorial independence of The Wall Street Journal, according to news reports Monday. The European single currency dived to another one-year dollar low on Wednesday after Standard &amp; Poor's downgraded Spain's credit rating. The government of Nepal said Sunday that its security forces have killed more than 400 Maoist rebels since Thursday in remote training camps hidden deep in the jungle, at a cost of only three soldiers' lives. Margaret Thatcher, the former British prime minister, has made a rare public appearance for her beloved Conservative Party -- at a glitzy London lap-dancing club. "Congress needs to keep their promise, to stop wasting time, and get essential work done," said the president, who criticized Democrats for failing to send him a single appropriations bill by Oct. 26, a record of tardiness unmatched by Congress in two decades. At least 11 people have died in heavy flooding in Iran's northwestern Ardebil province, the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported Saturday. Australian farmers had finally achieved justice in international trade with a win over the United States on lamb tariffs, Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday.
t2366 Canada said Thursday it had intercepted a Spanish fishing vessel off the Grand Banks of Newfoundland as part of its effort to enforce quotas and stop overfishing in the region. Indonesian police have arrested the alleged leader of Jemaah Islamiyah, the Southeast Asian terror group blamed for the 2002 Bali nightclub bombings and a series of other attacks in recent years, a spokesman said Wednesday. President Barack Obama said Thursday he was "100 percent committed" to NASA's mission after stinging criticism of his earlier plan for the future of US space travel. Within a few weeks, efforts will begin to clean the exteriors of hundreds of buildings around the World Trade Center site, to keep pollutants like asbestos from blowing off them and into apartments, city and federal officials said on Friday. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice left Japan for South Korea on Saturday on an Asian tour focused in part on bringing communist North Korea back to negotiations on its nuclear ambitions. The Federal Communications Commission will set the rules Tuesday governing the auction of $15 billion of public airwaves, a decision with stakes so high that the major U.S. cellular carriers and Google have spent millions of dollars on a lobbying campaign in an attempt to influence the outcome. The Ely Callaway, who turned Callaway Golf Co. into the biggest clubmaker in the world with his ``Big Bertha'' drivers and a passion to make golf enjoyable for the masses, died early Thursday of pancreatic cancer. He was 82. Bundesliga club VfB Stuttgart told its members at its annual general assembly that the club has 10.7 million marks (4.8 million U.S dollars) in bank debts for the year of 1999.
t4358 Eleven members of the ruling General People's Congress (GPC) led by President Ali Abdallah Saleh have been kicked out of the party for "treason" in backing southern separatists in last year's civil war, a GPC official said Wednesday. ABC News has apologized for mistakenly running a picture of former Washington Mayor Marion Barry when it was promoting a "World News" story about a man suing a dry cleaner for $54 million (euro41 million) for losing his pants. Nicholas Chelimo led Kenya's podium sweep in the men's race at the Nagano marathon on Sunday while Australia's Lisa Weightman won the women's event. Al Gore bashed the Bush administration in a speech Saturday before a cheering crowd of Florida Democrats, convincing many that Gore is ready for a campaign rematch. The United Nations on Tuesday announced a short-list of six candidates to take over the influential UN Development Programme (UNDP). "While the legislation and codes are well-intentioned, they have had the unintended consequence of limiting the College Board's ability to fulfill its mission and obligations as a membership association while continuing as a student lender," the board's statement said. Houston Rockets forward Kenny Thomas will miss the Los Angeles Summer Pro League after being bitten in the face by a dog owned by Rockets assistant coach Jim Boylen. Some 200 lawmakers from 41 African countries on Friday adopted a draft treaty to establish a consultative Pan African Parliament (PAP) under a union of African states.
t4045 The European Union called for an urgent meeting Tuesday of the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization to resolve a bitter dispute over fishing rights off the coast of Canada. Police investigating the disappearance of 4-year-old British girl Madeleine McCann sealed off an area of remote scrubland in southern Portugal Friday after receiving an anonymous tip she might be buried in the area, news reports said. Swiss authorities said early Saturday that it was extending a ban on commercial flights in and out of Switzerland until 1800 GMT due to a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. The following is the text of the letter Cardinal Bernard Law sent to priests of the Boston Archdiocese on April 12, 2002: Indian share prices closed 1.82 percent lower Tuesday amid weak global equity markets ahead of an expected hike in US interest rates, dealers said. The geek comedy ``Superbad'' was surprisingly popular in its opening weekend, racking up $31.2 million in the United States and Canada and putting Hollywood squarely on pace for a record summer at the box office. Talks between California power users and providers ended Monday with no resolution but an administrative judge saying the state probably is owed no more than $1 billion, far less than the nearly $9 billion officials were seeking. The following are the Electoral College votes projected to win by U.S. presidential candidates as of 11:50 p.m. EST (0450 GMT) on Tuesday, according to U.S. television networks.
t5495 A Japanese H-2 rocket blasted off from Tanegashima Island Saturday and successfully placed two commercial satellites -- the Space Flyer Unit for space tests and a meteorological unit into orbit. The euro was stronger against the U.S. dollar on Monday as traders drove up the common currency on the back of weaker-than-expected U.S. inflation figures from last week. The Japanese yen fell to new 4 1/2-year lows against the dollar. The military in Nigeria on Tuesday exhumed seven bodies from fresh, shallow graves in an area plagued by clashes between Muslims and Christians that have left hundreds dead. If only this were the lone cliche in this tepid would-be psychological thriller. I say ``would-be'' not only because it isn't thrilling but also because the psychology _ the only thing that distinguishes Cassie Mayweather from other movie and TV female cops _ is submerged. Russia urged Kyrgyzstan Thursday to return to what it called a "lawful" path, in Moscow's first reaction to opposition demonstrations in the ex-Soviet republic that saw thousands of protestors overrun the government's main seat of power. But what's most impressive about this new version, starring Russell Crowe as a charismatic outlaw and Christian Bale as the downtrodden rancher who crosses his path, is that James Mangold directs it with such energy and passion it's as if he didn't know it's all been done before. Reese Witherspoon has endless praise for roles as a ruthless overachiever in ``Election,'' a vamp-turned-bookworm in ``Pleasantville'' and as a semi-psychotic Red Riding Hood in the cult hit ``Freeway.'' The 8th informal leadership meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum opened here Wednesday, under the theme of "Delivering to the Community."
t317 Never in dealers' memory have cotton prices jumped as high as they did this week, soaring on particularly poor harvests in India, China and Pakistan, and as speculators swarmed into the market. U.S. states should have the power to restrict the movement of patients with contagious diseases even before they have the chance to disobey doctors' orders, federal health officials say. Yankees hurler CC Sabathia's no-hit bid was broken up in the eighth inning by Kelly Schoppach Saturday, but New York finished the night with a 10-0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays. The Oscars are announced, but what about the videos? ``Training Day'' with Denzel Washington (best actor) was released last week. ``Monster's Ball'' with Halle Berry (best actress) is scheduled for June 11. No dates have been announced for ``A Beautiful Mind,'' ``Gosford Park'' or ``Iris.'' A proposal from OPEC heavyweight Saudi Arabia for the cartel to raise its production ceiling is likely to be adopted in a meeting here Wednesday, Qatari Energy Minister Abdullah bin Hamad al-Attiyah said. When Bo Barefoot gives directions to his house in Bethesda, Md., he stops with the turn onto his street. After that, he says, ``You'll see the banana trees.'' Premier Silvio Berlusconi's holding company, Fininvest SpA, on Friday denied that the conservative leader the falsified its accounts as alleged by prosecutors. Fresh clashes broke out on Saturday between Israeli forces and Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, injuring five Palestinians and an Israeli officer.
t5592 PLO leader Yasser Arafat's Fatah movement Saturday called for the creation of a special PLO committee to steer the autonomy negotiations with Israel. The U.N.'s nuclear watchdog said Monday it will send a team to North Korea next week -- at Pyongyang's request -- to discuss how the inspectors would verify and monitor the shutdown of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor. Germany's first-choice goalkeeper Rene Adler could be in danger of missing June's World Cup after breaking a rib in a Bundesliga match last weekend, it was reported here on Tuesday. WASHINGTON --President Bush's proposal to open an Alaskan wildlife refuge to oil and gas exploration went down in defeat at the hands of Senate Democrats on Thursday. Kyrgyzstan, a Central Asian republic engulfed in turmoil Thursday after opposition protesters seized the seat of power, lies in a strategically important belt bordering Kazakhstan and China. With a single sentence in a news release, a slaying in Prince William County, Virginia, gained high-profile treatment this week, not because of how the crime was committed, but because of who police say did it: a twice-deported illegal immigrant. President Vladimir Putin solidified the Kremlin's domination of Russian political life Thursday, signing into law a bill that will sharply limit the number of parties, while two of the nation's largest parties sealed a pro-Putin alliance. An average of 4 percent of United Airlines' 2,300 daily flights have been canceled in November, twice the usual amount -- an increase the carrier blames on mechanics causing jets to be pulled out of service for unneeded repairs and refusing to work overtime, a United spokesman said.
t5779 Gaza farmers were to sell produce directly to foreign clients for the first time on Sunday, Palestinian officials told AFP, hailing the deal as a breakthrough. A woman who gave birth in a coma following a head-on collision that left her severely brain damaged died Friday, exactly five years after the crash. She was 39. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will visit UN Security Council member Uganda this week for talks over its nuclear programme and Kampala's oil industry, the foreign ministry here said Tuesday. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is planning to cancel the X-38 program, a move that would take away yet another space program from northern Los Angeles County and one that a top congressman says defies the wishes of Congress. The United Nations on Thursday published a list of eight candidates for the position of High Commissioner for Refugees, and said they would be called for interview "in the next few weeks." Rosemary Dillard stood before the Pentagon on Friday and described the world six years ago, just before a hijacked passenger plane slammed into the building's west wall. Documents from a federal inquiry into campaign activities coordinated by the Democratic National Committee and AFL-CIO will be released despite objections by the DNC and the union. The Zimbabwean government has made available 900 million Zimbabwean dollars (16 million U.S. dollars) in soft loans to farmers as they start preparing for the new season, the Herald reported on Thursday.
t3790 Canada has agreed to a guaranteed quota for Australian beef imports from the beginning of 1996, Australian Trade Minister Bob McMullan said Tuesday. Australia will reject a United Nations request to send troops to the Darfur region of Sudan because the deployment would overstretch forces already committed to countries including Iraq and Afghanistan, Prime Minister John Howard said Friday. At least eight people were hurt Saturday when two bombs exploded at a cricket stadium in the Indian city of Bangalore, sparking panic among fans and stoking security fears ahead of the Commonwealth Games. A band of showers and thunderstorms will stretch from the Ohio Valley to the Southern Plains on Friday as a cold front pushes east. Ahead of the front, unseasonably mild air will surge into the Ohio Valley and interior Northeast. Temperatures will climb into the 70s across western New The China basketball league moves into its final round Wednesday, after two divisional playoffs saw defending league champion Guangdong Hongyuan win the southern division and Liaoning Panpan win the north. When the film ``Maxed Out'' arrived in theaters in March, it met with a modest reception: James Scurlock's documentary about America's debt crisis featured crisp editing, engaging stories, a poppy music score and an urgent message about Americans' addiction to credit, our alarming level of personal debt, and the Macedonia's fractious political parties resumed negotiations Monday on a new peace plan that aims to end months of clashes and instability that have threatened to plunge the country into civil war. An international festival featuring sculptures of colored sand will be held next March in Luliang County of southwest China's Yunnan province.
t3426 Rugby selectors pulled a surprise here Sunday by naming a New Zealand player to join the Manu Samoa team to tour South Africa next month. Author Marianne Wiggins does not pretend she is up on modern technology. She writes in longhand and does not bother with cell phones, except in her car -- "in case I have a flat." Liverpool's American co-owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett said British Airways chief Martin Broughton had been appointed chairman to oversee the sale of the Premier League side, according to a club statement issued on Friday. If you're wondering what to expect in cinema for the rest of the year, the simplest way is to ask Samuel L. Jackson what he's been doing lately. He has half a dozen films in various stages of completion, and if they're all as interesting as the one that An Iraqi oil ministry delegation headed to Amman Monday to hold meetings with 17 major international energy firms on building a new refinery either in Mosul to the north or the southern port city of Basra. The drawn-out attempt to rescue six miners trapped 1,800 feet underground suffered yet another setback Saturday when a second hole was bored into the cavity where the miners are believed to be trapped, only to find no sign of life. High-profile criminal attorney Barry Levin, who helped handle Erik Menendez' murder defense and more recently represented actor Robert Blake, was found dead Saturday at a veterans cemetery, officials said. The Palestinian side is to focus its current and future diplomatic efforts on stopping Israeli aggressions against the Palestinians and resuming the peace talks with Israel, said a Palestinian official here Monday.
t6217 Lethal nerve gas was unleashed in the Tokyo subway at rush hour Monday, killing six people and injuring more than 3,300 in what officials called an attempt at mass murder. About 10,000 U.S. soldiers using heavily armored Stryker and Bradley fighting vehicles fought their way into an al-Qaida sanctuary northeast of Baghdad early Tuesday. American and Iraqi forces, under cover of attack helicopters, killed at least 22 insurgents, the military said. The French government will ban Muslim women from wearing a full-face veil in public, despite a warning from experts that such a law could be unconstitutional, it announced Wednesday. Estimating that it would take about six months to build the house, the Cortales sold their four-bedroom colonial and settled in to wait at a relative's home in a nearby retirement community for the necessary building permits to be approved. Arsenal striker Thierry Henry and his Juventus counterpart David Trezeguet have shaken off injury niggles and look likely to spearhead France's attack against Switzerland in their World Cup qualifier here on Saturday. Adopting the proposal laid out by Gen. David H. Petraeus, the top U.S. commander in Iraq, Bush plans to withdraw at least 21,500 troops by next summer, a number that could leave more American military personnel in the war zone than when he began a buildup in January. The Justice Department moved Friday to speed up the Microsoft antitrust case, asking an appeals court to end the current phase and immediately send it back to a lower court to decide whether the software maker should be broken up. Bangladesh and the United States have signed an agreement for cooperation of peaceful use of nuclear power under which Bangladesh will receive financial and technical assistance for its planned Rooppur Nuclear Power Plant, reported the daily Ittefaq here Saturday.
t4526 She said in Ottawa that the dispute was being monitored hourly and "I dare to hope that the parties will get back to the bargaining table." In May 28 obituaries for Barbara Cox Anthony, The Associated Press reported that she and her sister, Anne Cox Chambers, inherited the Cox media fortune from their father in 1974. The story should have specified that the sisters and their older brother, James M. Cox Jr., initially held equal The United States will mark the 15th anniversary of its deadliest domestic terrorism attack Monday amid rising political tensions and anti-government sentiment that has terrorism experts on edge. After going a year and a half without leading a lap even under caution, Terry Labonte wiped out that negative statistic in dramatic fashion. Cricket officials in the Indian capital are hoping Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf will bail them out after municipal authorities refused permission to stage a high-profile match at a stadium still under construction. It's just as bad as you think it would be and perhaps a little worse. In fact, Lifetime's "The Murder of Princess Diana," one of several TV events acknowledging the 10-year anniversary of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales , is so bad you might want to watch Boston Red Sox ace Pedro Martinez will be in New York on Thursday to start strengthening his inflamed right shoulder. But his regimen will not include throwing a baseball. An Israeli soldier died in hospital Saturday of wounds he sustained in an shoot-out with Palestinian gunmen earlier in the day in Gaza Strip, an army spokesman said.
t5829 Fighting continued Sunday between Phnom Penh troops and the Khmer Rouge as the government side sent in reinforcements forcing more refugees to flee to the border area. Eddie Murphy, Jennifer Aniston, Steve Carell and Academy Award winner Jennifer Hudson have been asked to join Hollywood's most exclusive club. India's central bank hiked short-term interest rates for the second time in a month Tuesday to rein in "worrisome" near double-digit inflation in Asia's third-biggest economy. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com In recognition of the divergence of opinion over euthanasia, a Japanese court refused Friday to jail a doctor convicted of murder for turning off the life support machine of a comatose patient. DNA tests found that the body initially believed to be that of Shaker Abbsi was not the Fatah al Islam leader after all, General Attorney Said Mirza said in a statement released by the state-run news agency. Landmark campaign finance legislation suffered a punishing blow in the House on Thursday, and each political party rushed to blame the other for the latest setback in the decade-old drive to reduce the role of big money in politics. Paraguay defeated Peru 5-1 in a World Cup qualifying match of the South American group in Asuncion, Paraguay on Wednesday.
t9887 Former Singaporean premier Lee Kuan Yew warned Vietnam on Friday that investment would go elsewhere unless it cuts out delays caused by corrupt bureaucrats and hastens its use of foreign aid. Spanish air carrier Spanair canceled sixty flights Monday due to a cabin crew strike, an airline official said on Monday. Poland's prime minister on Wednesday said he wanted facts, not words, after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Moscow would give Warsaw new documents on the Soviet WWII massacre of Poles at Katyn. There was a time in the mid-1980s when Paul Pierce put aside his obsession with basketball to tackle the most popular puzzle of the day. The 7-year-old Pierce could not put down his Rubik's Cube. It was not enough to solve the puzzle once. He wanted to master it, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday that Palestinian leaders must step up action against anti-Israeli extremists in order to make progress on the US-backed "roadmap" to peace. As Chrysler's labor contract moved closer to ratification Thursday, the spotlight began shifting to Ford Motor, the final Detroit automaker yet to work out a union deal. Allison Feaster scored 19 points and Andrea Stinson added 16 as the Charlotte Sting beat the Orlando Miracle 72-65 Friday night. The successful adoption of an international instrument will represent a milestone in creating a comprehensive system of copyright and related protection, said the head of the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) here Thursday.
t323 lower. The price of Brent crude North Sea oil fell by around 40 cents to end at 16.6 dollars a barrel on a slump in petrol prices on the New York market. A woman whose two stepdaughters were discovered last year in an advanced state of starvation has been sentenced to nearly four years in prison. No Asian golfer had won a major title until last year's PGA Championship. Now South Korea's K.J. Choi is threatening to bring the continent a second in a row by winning the Masters. Winning a world championship brings new challenges and newfound attention. At this time last year, they were the New England Patsies, but now these same players can't step out to a restaurant or mall without being recognized and thanked for winning Super Bowl XXXVI. The dollar eased against the yen after support overnight from stronger-than-expected US capital inflow data for January faded away as local participants sold for fiscal year-end purposes, dealers said. -- A term that describes a homeowner who is behind on mortgage payments. The Mortgage Bankers Association refers to a homeowner who is more than 90 days behind as being in a ``serious delinquency.'' A judge Friday ordered the state to keep essential services operating even if lawmakers fail to pass a budget before Sunday, the start of a new fiscal year. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has relaxed its aid conditions to Kenya, but still insists that the Kenyan government must do more to fight corruption and improve governance, the Daily Nation newspaper reported Saturday.
t8294 Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic on Sunday announced general mobilisation of his forces, the latest sign of escalating tension in Bosnia where a much-violated truce runs out at the end of April. "Sicko" is a documentary, but it's a comedy, too -- and a family drama and a travelogue and, ultimately, a horror movie. Germany is "not ready to write a blank cheque" for Greece, Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said Sunday, after debt-stricken Athens appealed for an EU and IMF bailout. Among American swan dives, Peter Bogdanovich's was a humdinger. It's hard to think of anyone who, after a spectacular start in movies, failed so utterly, so publicly. The deadly explosion that ripped through one of Cairo's top tourist hubs sparked fears of a new slump in Egypt's crucial tourism industry although no panic appeared to set in after the attack. As dusk fell deep in a forest of mango and palm trees, Jaime Jeremias Matsimbe sat on the rose-colored dirt and hand-cranked a shortwave radio, looking for the word of God. Seven Danes were sentenced to up to eight months in prison for their roles in rioting during last month's European Union summit in the southwestern city of Goteborg. The International Business Community (IBC) in Myanmar Wednesday warned against ill effect derived from immediate sanction call by the International Labor Organization (ILO) over the issue of "forced labor" in Myanmar.
t3323 A total of 118 heads of state and government approved the Copenhagen Declaration against poverty over the weekend, but the consensus was that the non-binding document was not enough. A bomb blast during a soccer match in Thailand's insurgency-wracked south Thursday wounded 14 police officers who were on duty to provide security, police said. Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou on Friday signalled that Athens is preparing to request huge emergency loans from Europe and the IMF in what would be an unprecedented move by a euro nation. William Alexander Stewart, a Hawaiian-born Scot who grew up multilingual in California and became an authority on creole languages, in particular Gullah, the West African-flavored speech of of the Sea Islands off South Carolina and Georgia, died on March 25 at Columbia-Presbyterian Center in Manhattan. He was 71 and Qataris and expatriates planned to rally Monday at the site of an unprecedented bombing near a British school, claimed by a shadowy group, that has sent shockwaves around the gas-rich state. In the pre-dawn gloom, through weary villages shaded in gray, the soldiers of the 3rd Battalion, 509th Parachute Infantry Regiment, searched for the enemy. An aerial drone had spotted men burying weapons in a nearby Sunni cemetery. Britain's 63-year wait without a Wimbledon men's finalist may last at least one more day after Tim Henman's match against Goran Ivanisevic was delayed by rain twice Saturday. The ten regions are the provinces of Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong, Zhejiang, Henan, Liaoning, and the municipalities of Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin and Chongqing. These provinces and municipalities make up the bulk of the Chinese economy.
t3668 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher and President Hafez al-Assad held detailed talks Monday on security arrangements for an Israeli- Syrian peace deal, a senior US official said Monday. A senior Hamas official in Syria said Thursday there would be no change in Gaza's status and no Islamic rule declared in the territory after a near takeover of the seaside strip by the militant group. Racing-Metro secured the sixth and final play-off spot in the French Top 14 rugby union championship with a thrilling 29-22 comeback win over nearest rivals Biarritz on Saturday. If the Anaheim Angels wanted to make a statement, they picked a bad time to come down with a case of laryngitis. Bobby Short, the pianist and cabaret singer who symbolised bygone New York style and glamour, died on Monday of leukemia, his publicist said. He was 80. Stocks tumbled Tuesday after Wal-Mart Stores and Home Depot cautioned that the housing slump and weak consumer spending would depress earnings, raising doubts about the strength of the U.S. economy. Larry Nelson successfully defended a title for the second time in three weeks, closing with a 4-under 68 on Sunday for a one-stroke victory in the Farmers Charity Classic. Eurogroup finance ministers expressed support on Tuesday for the European Central Bank's ( ECB's) recent intervention to prop up the euro.
t7607 The British neo-Nazi group Combat 18 intends to travel to Oslo for England's football friendly against Norway in October, the Norwegian daily Arbeiderbladet reported Friday. Thai prosecutors filed corruption charges against ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra in the Supreme Court on Thursday, in the first criminal charges ever filed against a former premier in Thailand. Almost a decade after Turkmenistan's leader banned circuses as "alien" culture, the circus reopened in Ashgabat on Friday with a show of clowns and elephants watched by the current president. Shortstop Alex Rodriguez said it wasn't exactly the Rangers' best game. Manager Jerry Narron called it a game the Rangers had no business winning. Britons in Southeast Asia were advised by their government Tuesday to monitor local media and take any necessary action in the wake of the strong earthquake in Indonesia. Her sister lives around the corner, just like before. So do her parents, who still fuss around their home studio, dreaming up extravagant costumes of gilded Egyptian pharaohs and pretty Hawaiian princesses for some of New Orleans' most esteemed Mardi Gras krewes . The German post office plans to cut about 3,000 mail carrier jobs, or nearly 4 percent of that work force, as it tries to slash costs and boost a wilting stock price. The 75 prisoners who died in police cells in the northern Mozambican town of Montepuez on Tuesday night were asphyxiated, according to the medical team that carried out the authorities.
t642 The Barings debacle could prompt tighter supervision of Asian bourses, but with all trades by the man at the center of the scandal liquidated, the fiasco may not leave permanent scars on the markets, analysts said here Sunday. The "cancer" of corruption must be eradicated from Thailand if the country is ever to become a thriving democracy, the military-installed prime minister said Sunday. France is working discreetly to win the release of two French journalists held hostage in Afghanistan, the foreign ministry said Monday after a new video of the two men was released. The twin beams of light forming a nocturnal memorial to World Trade Center victims will go dark in mid-April as planned, but may be incorporated into a permanent memorial, Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Friday. More than 500 suspected paedophiles who traded material over the Internet have been arrested in 12 countries in Europe and Latin America, Spanish police coordinating the operation said Wednesday. Peter Lyman, a professor emeritus of the University of California, Berkeley's School of Information who was known for his research on online information and social networks on the Internet, has died. He was 66. Playboy Enterprises, up to now a purveyor of softcore fare, has agreed to buy three TV channels that air hardcore pornography, the Los Angeles Times reported Saturday. The Indonesian government has invited the United Nations Security Council to observe the progress in implementing U.N. Resolution 1319 on disarming and disbanding the East Timorese militia in East Nusa Tenggara province, Foreign Affairs Minister Alwi Shihab told reporters here Monday.
t9670 New claims for US unemployment benefits fell by 10,000 in the week ended March 25, the Labor Department said Thursday. Patrick Ianni's header off a corner kick by Stuart Holden in the 81st minute provided the Houston Dynamo a 1-0 victory over the Kansas City Wizards in Major League Soccer on Sunday. Risk-averse investors in Asia mostly shrugged off upbeat earnings reports and stronger-than-expected growth in South Korea's economy to take profits after the previous day's strong gains. In ads running during ballgames in New York, Seattle and other markets, the company directs fans to its etopps.com Web site. Representatives from the Indonesian government and Aceh separatists arrived in Helsinki on Monday, a day ahead of the scheduled start of a third round of peace talks aimed at ending a drawn-out conflict that has killed more than 12,000 people, organizers said. A soccer mom received more than a red card after she allegedly attacked a coach with a lawn chair Sunday, upset at the e-mailed directions to the game. Top-seeded Gustavo Kuerten struggled into the semifinals of the Mercedes Cup to join qualifier Marc Lopez, a Spanish teen-ager playing his first ATP tournament. The Beijing Public Security Bureau has formulated new regulations for the management of border passes for border control areas, which will become effective starting on January 1, 2001.
t9643 The Bundesbank sprang a surprise on Thursday by cutting its discount rate by half a point to 4.0 percent bringing immediate relief to the dollar and forcing down the mark. A bomb ripped through a popular beach on Sunday, killing two, including a 2-year-old, outside a Colombian city shaken by a series of recent bombings. Thailand's "Red Shirt" protest leaders Tuesday said they would sue the government for accusing them of attempting to overthrow the kingdom's revered monarchy. The unemployment rate surged last month to 6 percent, its highest level in almost eight years, the government said on Friday in a sign that many companies are too worried about the economy to begin hiring again. British wholesale prices, or the cost of goods at the factory gate, shot up 0.6 percent in March from February as record oil prices pushed up energy costs, official data showed Monday. Senior Iraq adviser David Satterfield said "there is no question in our minds whatsoever" that Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps troops "are very much under the direction and command of the most senior levels of the Iranian government. Full stop." Dutch publisher VNU said Friday it will sell its magazine operations to the Finnish media company SanomaWSOY for $1.09 billion. Kuwaiti security forces found a large amount of explosives, mines, bombs and missiles in a desert area Tuesday night, the Interior Ministry announced on Wednesday.
t5736 China may remain a one-party state, but displays of open dissent at the end of this year's annual parliamentary session reflect a subtle weakening of the central government's absolute authority, analysts here say. The U.N. Security Council gave a green light to U.N. investigators to help Lebanese authorities probe last week's killing of an anti-Syrian lawmaker in a massive car bombing in Beirut. Prime Minister Vladimir Putin Tuesday warned Russia to guard its economic independence by cutting its budget deficit, cautioning that while its recession has ended the economic crisis has not. The software giant also warned that both the current quarter and the next fiscal year will fall short of estimates. The announcements, shortly after the New York financial markets closed for the day, sent Microsoft shares plunging in after-hours trading. US stocks ended mixed Thursday as an early rally attempt sparked by a bullish outlook from General Electric ran out of steam, with some investors locking in gains ahead of a three-day holiday weekend. John Duffy lost 67 of his colleagues at the firm of Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods six years ago during the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. Among the dead was Duffy's son Christopher. The investment banking firm, located in the South Tower of the World Trade Center, was among the Twenty-three countries, including U.S. military allies, are not doing enough to combat international trafficking in human beings, the State Department said Thursday. A German doctor was killed in Israeli army raids on Beit Jala near the West Bank city of Bethlehem early Thursday morning, Palestinian sources said.
t1494 Italian air traffic controllers called off a strike planned for Friday on Tuesday in a line with a decision by Alitalia pilots, union sources said. President George W. Bush is putting his influence within his own party to the test Tuesday as he pleads personally with skeptical Senate Republicans to resurrect his immigration bill. Australian Aborigines Tuesday declared a huge swathe of land -- more than twice the size of Luxembourg -- a conservation zone to help protect an endangered rock wallaby. Even if weight-loss programs don't help you shed pounds, the expense can help trim your tax bill, the Internal Revenue Service decided Tuesday. French hurdling great Baracouda failed to land a record third Stayers Hurdle here at the Cheltenham Festival as he finished second behind hotly-fancied Inglis Drever. The United States and Iran will hold a second round of critical talks on the future of Iraq within the next 10 days, and possibly as early as Saturday July 21, according to U.S. and Middle East officials. The initiative comes despite mounting tensions between the two nations on Deutsche Telekom gained a controlling 51 percent stake in Croatia's telecommunications monopoly after it agreed to purchase an additional 16 percent of Hrvatske Telekomunikacije in a deal worth $425 million. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Wednesday expressed serious concern over the current crisis in Cote d'Ivoire and appealed to the international community to help reinstall democracy in the west African country.
t1394 The Bangladesh foreign ministry summoned the Russian ambassador Tuesday to complain that ultra-nationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky's call in New Delhi for India to annex Bangladesh was "unacceptable." U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, speaking Monday at an anti-terrorism conference in Miami, said the international community must communicate and coordinate efforts to stop terrorists who may be seeking nuclear weapons. Thailand's foreign minister has broken a taboo by advocating reform of the monarchy, unprecedented in a country where the king is hugely revered and any criticism of the royals is a serious crime. Boston researchers have discovered a way to detect ovarian cancer in its earliest stages, a potentially life-saving advance that could lead to the female equivalent of prostate cancer screening in men. Pakistan said Thursday it would allow hundreds of Indian Sikhs to travel by bus on a pilgrimage to the community's sacred shrine of Nankana Sahib in its territory. Inside a tense, packed courtroom Monday, more than a dozen men and women rose slowly and stood, some weeping softly, as they were publicly recognized by the court and others as victims of sexual abuse by Roman Catholic clergy. Ethnic Albanians in Kosovo, the targets of Slobodan Milosevic's brutal campaign of violence and terror, greeted his arraignment Tuesday with swearing, shouting and a profound sense of satisfaction. Supachai was quoted by the Thai New Agency as saying that a meeting of the committee in charge of preparing for the next WTO ministerial summit, which he chaired Wednesday, discussed a proposal of Thailand that WTO member states jointly host an informal ministerial meeting in a country next
t7160 The Chinese flag appeared in Taiwan for the first time in more than four decades at the start of an Olympic Council of Asia meeting in Kaohsiung on Thursday. Police said Wednesday they were searching for two ethnic Somali men suspected of having "direct involvement" in last week's explosion that killed one person, wounded more than 30 and sent rush-hour commuters ducking for cover in Nairobi's packed business district. A senior Jordanian official said a blast hit a depot near its port town of Aqaba on Thursday, denying an Israeli television report that rockets were fired from its territory at the resort city of Eilat. Legislators from a pro-Kremlin political party Wednesday called on Russians to unite behind the Orthodox Church to protest what they say is the expansion of the Vatican's influence here, adding fuel to an outburst of anti-Catholic sentiment that has swept across Russia. Iraqi forces arrested over 90 suspected rebels in a raid Monday on the insurgent stronghold of Salman Pak on the edge of Baghdad, the US military said in a statement. Aside from the obligatory trip to the Great Wall, visitors to Beijing rarely stray much beyond the Second Ring Road, although the municipality encompasses 6,500 square miles. Falun Gong said police in an eastern Chinese city have gang-raped detained female followers of the group, but a police official on Monday denied the claim. British Foreign Office Minister Peter Hain arrived here Wednesday on a two-day visit for talks with Sri Lankan leaders amid Norwegian peace efforts in the war-torn country, officials said.
t3575 Wall Street share prices opened lower Monday, dragged down by profit- taking following Friday's record high closing, and also by a rise in long-term interest rates. Massachusetts lawmakers voted Thursday to block a proposed constitutional amendment that would have let voters decide whether to ban gay marriage in the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriages. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Friday warned Kyrgyzstan's new leaders, who came to power after ousting president Kurmanbek Bakiyev, to avoid the "faults" of their predecessors. He'd never pitched well here, but Royal righty Paul Byrd always loved Boston and Fenway Park. His best memory was the 1999 All Star game when he represented the Philadelphia Phillies for the National League. He didn't get into the game, but he remembers watching home run derby with Lloyds TSB, Britain's fifth-largest bank, became on Monday the country's first high street bank to offer mortgage services compatible with Islamic Sharia law. Aviation officials Monday criticized U.S. Customs for being unprepared and taking too long to fix the weekend computer failure at Los Angeles International Airport that left more than 17,000 international passengers stranded for hours in airplanes. As the dot-com advertising bonanza fades into distant memory, the just-concluded advertising market for next fall's TV season is sure to set the tone for other media sales through the rest of the year: slower, longer, and more stressful. Hardwood furniture made several hundreds years ago will be the favored choice of collectors, according to experts at an ongoing furniture show in Tianjin, north China.
t448 A senior minister and top officials visited this embattled eastern region Saturday to urge security forces to be ready to fight Tamil Tiger guerrillas incase ongoing peace talks failed. Roger Clemens shook off some early rust and gave the surging New York Yankees the lift they were looking for, leading them to a 9-3 victory Saturday over the Pittsburgh Pirates in his long-awaited season debut. The United States said Monday that Ukraine had decided to dispose of all its highly enriched uranium by 2012, at the start of an unprecedented nuclear security summit here. When you think of Andrea Yates you think of someone desperately mentally ill, but you don't think of ``A Beautiful Mind.'' You don't look at a mother who killed her children and stand in awe of the complicated wiring that controls the human brain. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's decision to start withdrawing Rome's troops from Iraq is a tactic aimed at boosting his party's chances in upcoming elections, the Italian press agreed Wednesday. In his career as a game reviewer, Ghislain Masson has been to Russia twice, and once to Chernobyl for a promotion of a computer game set in that area's nuclear meltdown zone. Congo and its old colonial ruler, Belgium, mended a more than two-decade rift in top-level relations Saturday, with Congolese feting Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt in the first visit by a Belgian leader since 1988. Russian deep-sea divers have cut out a hole with a diameter of 10 centimeter in the body of the sunken nuclear submarine Kursk, the press service of the Russian Northern Fleet said Sunday.
t8235 More than 1,000 people on Sunday called for Ukraine's mostly Russian- populated Crimea peninsula to be returned to Russia in a demonstration in the Black Sea city of Sevastopol, Interfax news agency reported. Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday denounced Vice President Dick Cheney's idea of abolishing a government office charged with safeguarding national security information -- and criticized him for refusing to cooperate with the agency. Aliens may exist but mankind should avoid contact with them as the consequences could be devastating, British scientist Stephen Hawking warned Sunday. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it President George W. Bush left Rome for the United States on Friday shortly after the funeral of Pope John Paul II, sources at Fiumicino aiport said. LOS ANGELES -- After losing their No. 1 ranking following a closer-than-expected victory against Washington, the second-ranked Trojans are back home, seeking a third straight Pac-10 victory, taking on Stanford with Tavita Pritchard making his first start at quarterback. Developing, by Gary Klein (Times). FBC-NOTREDAME-UCLA -- PASADENA, Calif. -- Gao Zhan, a U.S.-based sociologist, has been indicted by Chinese authorities on charges of spying for Taiwan and probably will be tried in Beijing in the next two weeks, a group supporting her said Wednesday. In a report to the United Nations Security Council and the General Assembly Tuesday, Annan warned that the political and electoral crisis in Haiti had deepened, and noted the increase in violent crime, which included the August 7 murder of a staff member of the U.N. mission.
t6994 Russia has a large and poorly-guarded stockpile of Sarin gas, the poison used in the fatal subway attack in Japan, experts said here Wednesday. BC Partners Ltd., a European private equity firm, is buying a controlling stake in Intelsat Ltd. for US$4.6 billion (euro3.4 billion), the companies announced. Iran's elite Revolutionary Guards launched a new "ultra-fast" boat capable of causing high destruction after testing it in a key oil supply route during a three-day military drill that began on Thursday. Pete Sampras and Michael Chang, who have accumulated 14 Grand Slam titles between them, scored modest first-round upsets at Westside Tennis Club on Tuesday. China's growth in textile and clothing exports will slow following a surge early this year that triggered calls for safeguard measures against Chinese producers, a commerce ministry official said Monday. Outrage was mounting at the 1999 hearing in the Rayburn House Office Building, where congressmen were learning about human trafficking. Police used water cannons to break up a Malaysian opposition rally outside a prison camp where six activists are being held without trial. Philippine President Joseph Estrada will head for Singapore tomorrow Thursday, to attend the informal summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN), a senior official said Wednesday.
t3461 Suspected Moslem fundamentalists gunned down two teenage sisters, one of them engaged to a policeman, near the Algerian capital at the weekend, the newspaper Liberte reported here Monday. Palestinian security officials said an Israeli tank shell killed five children travelling in a car near the southern Gaza Strip town of Rafah on Thursday, but the Israeli military denied any army fire in the area. Greece is beginning "preparatory moves" for an "eventual activation" of financial help from the European Union and the International Monetary Fund, Prime Minister George Papandreou said on Friday. WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - In 1985, Frank Lee Smith was convicted of raping and murdering an 8-year-old Fort Lauderdale girl. He was sentenced to death. Portugal's new Prime Minister Jose Socrates said Monday he expects the country would receive more than 20 billion euros (26.6 billion dollars) in mostly private investments over the four years of his term. A U.S. Customs computer outage that stranded more than 17,000 passengers at Los Angeles International Airport was blamed Sunday on faulty hardware and an insufficient backup system that left frustrated travelers sitting on planes or standing in long lines. A man protesting a police shooting of a black man hit Mayor Paul Schell in the face with a megaphone during a community celebration Saturday afternoon, police said. The mayor was hospitalized with broken bones around his eye. Israel should immediately change its policy to limit Muslim and Christian Arabs from entering holy sites in East Jerusalem, a senior Palestinian official said Monday.
t8370 A group of Vietnamese boatpeople who had illegally entered Hong Kong via China, started blazes in a detention camp here Monday to protest their repatriation to the mainland, the government said. The Senate apporved an energy bill that includes an increase in automobile fuel economy, new laws against energy price-gouging and a requirement for huge increases in the production of ethanol. A hot air balloon with 14 people aboard crashed in a desert area east of Abu Dhabi on Sunday, killing a French person and an Indian national, the operating tourist company said in a statement. The Shames were polished popsters at heart, and their ballads _ ``We Could Be Happy,'' ``A Carol for Lorelei'' _ could be sugary enough to rot your teeth. But they rocked, in spurts. They number just 400 and live in one of the biggest Islamic regions in the world, but faith and a satellite dish allowed Tajikistan's tiny Catholic community Friday to join in worldwide observation of Pope John Paul II's funeral. Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid, D-Nev., has told private-equity firms in recent weeks that a tax-hike proposal they have spent millions of dollars to defeat will not get through the Senate this year, according to executives and lobbyists. Sergio Garcia had a bad day at the British Open on Wednesday _ and the world's best players haven't even teed off yet. The Chongqing-based Meixin-Maisen Door Manufacturing Co., Ltd has signed an agreement with the New York- based Times Square to open a business in this commercial center.
t2951 In the most confrontational speech given at the UN summit here Saturday, Malaysia's Prime Minister Mahathir Bin Mohammed accused the West of using human rights and environmental concerns to hold back developing countries. Two astronauts floated outside the international space station Wednesday after completing one of two tasks on their to-do list: helping to fold up a solar wing. High altitudes will hinder earthquake rescue efforts in a remote region of northwestern China as emergency workers struggle to cope with low oxygen conditions, state media warned on Thursday. The Detroit Tigers, continuing to move in reverse after squandering the economic advantage of a new park, fired their general manager and manager Monday. Losses in the team's first six games hastened what had appeared to be an inevitable development. Former Bosnian Serb general Vinko Pandurevic, who is wanted by the UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague for alleged genocide during Bosnia's 1992-95 war, will surrender to the court, the Serbian government said Sunday. Hotshot young pickers with rock 'n' roll attitude have in recent years come sweeping through bluegrass -- if you want to call the music they make ``bluegrass.'' BMW, known for its Teutonic precision in churning out luxury muscle cars, has undertaken the greatest cult car rebirth since Volkswagen brought back the Beetle. Israeli police have beefed up security measures around Rabbi Ovadia Yosef, the spiritual leader of the ultra-Orthodox Shas party following threats from a radical Palestinian group.
t1276 Sterling fell to a record low value against the mark of 2.2725 marks in initial trading on Tuesday from 2.2842 marks at the close on Monday. Rival gunmen exchanged fire at two Gaza hospitals, and Cabinet ministers fled their weekly meeting after the government headquarters was hit in crossfire Monday, in the latest round in an increasingly brutal power struggle between Hamas and Fatah. Mourners from across Poland descended on Warsaw Tuesday to pay their respects to President Lech Kaczynski and his wife as they lay in state in the most ornate chamber of the presidential palace. Since Compaq Computer Corp. is an investor in his venture fund, you might expect venture capitalist Howard Anderson of YankeeTek Ventures to be upbeat about Compaq's proposed merger with Hewlett-Packard Co. Hong Kong's caretaker leader Donald Tsang is enjoying a surge in popularity with an opinion poll Thursday showing his rating at a four-year high, a week after taking over control of the city. In an international summit Sunday to push peace in Sudan's troubled Darfur region, the Sudanese government agreed to soon meet rebel groups who thus far have refused to join peace talks. Expiring work permits for Hondurans and Nicaraguans who are reapplying for temporary refuge in the United States will be good for five more months, immigration officials said Monday. Israel's ruling Labor Party caucus in the Knesset (Parliament) and the party bureau Thursday unanimously endorsed a resolution calling for the establishment of an emergency government.
t5858 President Nelson Mandela Sunday registered for South Africa's local elections on November 1 in a bid to boost enthusiasm for the voting. The United States on Monday lifted its economic and political embargo against the Palestinian government, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice announced. China refused to comment Tuesday on the Dalai Lama's request to visit victims of the earthquake in the nation's remote northwest, where more than 2,000 people have died so far. The enormous Universal Amphitheatre was an appropriately large venue for the muscle-bound premiere of ``The Scorpion King,'' the first feature film starring The Rock, the hugely popular knitted-brow World Wrestling Federation star. The starvation and malnutrition crisis feared after the tsunami struck the Indian Ocean in December has been averted in less than three months, the UN food agency said Friday. Alvaro Colom, a former businessman with center-left leanings, finished first in Sunday's first round of presidential voting, about 5 percentage points ahead of Otto Perez Molina, a former army general, according to nearly complete official results Monday. Ira Einhorn, the fugitive convicted of killing his U.S. girlfriend nearly a quarter century ago, was ordered extradited to the United States Thursday. Shortly after he slit his throat in a suicide attempt, his lawyer said, but then decided he wanted to live. The visiting Australia scored a surprise win over Scotland 2-0 in a friendly soccer match at a rain-soaked Hampden Park in Glasgow Wednesday night.
t4192 China and the Philippines will begin talks Sunday on sovereignty of the Spratley Islands in the South China Sea, Philippine President Fidel Ramos said Tuesday. A final group of more than 100,000 people will be forced to relocate by the end of next year to make way for the Three Gorges Dam, the world's biggest hydropower project, state media reported Friday. Hardliner Dervis Eroglu won the Turkish Cypriot presidential poll on Sunday, official results showed, in a result which could jeopardise UN-brokered peace talks to reunify the Mediterranean island. Body parts were mingled with shattered produce in the street on Friday after a suicide bomber struck a crowded outdoor food market just as dozens of people were rushing to complete their shopping before the Sabbath fell. Bulgaria's defence minister Nikolay Svinarov said Tuesday that he wanted the country's troops to leave Iraq by the end of 2005, and all at the same time. Jodie Foster has noticed that when she's asked to do photo shoots and the stylist brings her sample size clothes -- a 4 or a 6 -- they all fit her pretty well. ``I'm 5-foot-3,'' Foster says. ``How can I wear the same size as a 6-2 lady? Does Israel entered the Palestinian territory early Tuesday for the first time since a June 13 cease-fire and destroyed 10 buildings in Gaza, Palestinian security officials said. The Israeli army insisted it has military control of the territory. Three cars of a passenger train were derailed in central Greece on Thursday, cutting off rail service between the cities of Lamia and Domokos.
t9486 US industries urged the US Congress Wednesday to take action to pressure South Korea to lift non-tariff barriers and open its markets to US products. Fire crews battled blazes throughout southcentral Alaska and officials confirmed that dozens of residences, seasonal cabins and other buildings have been destroyed on the Kenai Peninsula. Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega on Tuesday appeared before a French magistrate to face charges of laundering drug money after he was extradited from the United States. The drunken. The drugged. The drowsy. Ginger Watson puts them behind the wheel of her Chevy Malibu every day and then sets them loose in traffic. ``You have to see people falling asleep behind the wheel of a car,'' Watson says gleefully. Nepal's King Gyanendra, who seized power more than two months ago, has extended for six months a law passed in 2001 which gives authorities sweeping arrest and detention powers, an official said Monday. Oil briefly hit an all-time high of $90 per barrel Friday, and gas prices edged up around the country to a national average of $2.81 per gallon, according to AAA, still well off the high of $3.22 per gallon in May. Though the record oil prices dinged the stock Twenty-five children were hospitalized with intestinal infection after eating bad food in a resort camp in the eastern Poltava region, emergency officials said Friday. One militant and one Indian reserve policemen were killed and another three injured Monday when the suicide squad stormed the camp of Indian Central Reserve Police Force (CRRF) in India- controlled Anantnag district of south Kashmir.
t8651 The United States, which had not criticized Turkey's army thrust into Iraq against separatist Kurds, for the first time Monday voiced concern to Ankara over the operation and its effect on civilians. A small group of HypoVereinsbank AG shareholders filed a lawsuit Friday against Unicredit SpA and the chief executives of both banks, seeking more than euro17 billion (US$23 billion) in damages over claims related to Unicredit's takeover of HVB. Top Spanish matador Jose Tomas was showing a "phenomenal" recovery after being gored and hurled into the air by a bull, his agent said Monday. Russia's military said on Tuesday that it had killed the second top rebel field commander in Chechnya, Shamil Basayev, less than a week after announcing the death of the other leading guerrilla fighter there. Blackburn boss Mark Hughes has his sights set on Craig Bellamy if the Newcastle striker quits Celtic at the end of this season's loan deal. The leading manufacturers of over-the-counter cough and cold medicines announced Thursday they withdrawing all products marketed for use by infants in response to mounting concerns about the safety of the popular formulations for children. The Tokyo stock market's main index inched higher Thursday morning, a day after the index fell below the key 12,000 mark for the first time in four months. The dollar fell against the yen. French President Jacques Chirac and Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar appealed here on Wednesday to all 15 members of the European Union (EU) to adopt " emergency measures" to prevent the spread of mad cow disease across Europe.
t1946 Liverpool and Bolton will meet in the League Cup final on April 2 after reaching Wembley on Wedsenday in totally contrasting styles. President Vladimir Putin underscored the importance of moral values and military might at an awards ceremony Tuesday, honoring Russians ranging from Alexander Solzhenitsyn, who documented the brutality of the Soviet Union, to the men who designed its nuclear-armed submarines. A South African court on Wednesday extended the detention of two farmworkers accused of killing right-winger Eugene Terre'Blanche after a bail hearing was postponed. Congressional leaders welcomed President Bush's call Thursday for an Israeli withdrawal from Palestinian cities as a sign the administration is rejoining the search for peace in the Middle East. Indonesian share prices closed 1.17 percent higher Friday for another record close, led by buying in Sampoerna related to Philip Morris' plans to acquire a major stake in the cigarette company, dealers said. Forty-five years after Marilyn Monroe's death, a dispute over who controls her image has a former actress enlisting colleagues in the California Legislature to protect the blond bombshell and other dead celebrities from being exploited. Take a childhood spent on the edges of Appalachia, mix it with a reporter's unending search for stories to tell, and you might conclude it was inevitable that Noah Adams would produce his recent book, ``Far Appalachia.'' Part of HP labs, with a charter to innovate for developing new economies, the IRO will focus on the confluence of social, cultural, economic and technological drivers to generate relevant solution to benefit the poor in the developing world, it added.
t4639 Palestinian autonomy will soon be extended to the West Bank town of Jenin, an official close to the Palestinian police said Wednesday. Myanmar is disappointed that the United States has described the country in a report as a major center for human trafficking, a senior official said, adding that the charge was politically motivated. The volcanic eruption that has halted air travel in Europe for days has people turning to online teleconferences to conduct matters from business deals to weddings. My children collectively groan when they hear a popular song from ``back in my day.'' This show of disrespect for good music allegedly arises from being forced to listen to oldies but goodies on the car radio during their early childhood. Singapore share prices closed 1.44 percent lower Wednesday on concerns over rising interest rates after the US Federal Reserve said it was more worried over inflation risks, dealers said. also in the darkness, from methane explosions or rock falls or any of the hundreds of other hazards they face every day -- their deaths usually merit just a few paragraphs in the local newspaper. Doctors said Tuesday that the 8-year-old boy who survived a shark attack in the Florida surf is in a coma and likely suffered a brain injury. Argentina will be able to achieve a yearly economic growth of 7 percent if it reduces fiscal deficit, considerably brings down public expenses and improves public administration through a structural reform, said a study Thursday.
t6233 Chinese dissident Harry Wu met with human rights activist Danielle Mitterrand, wife of the French president, Monday for talks on Chinese labor camps and trafficking in human organs. Two armed robbers were holding at least six hostages in a bank robbery south of Paris on Tuesday morning, police and news reports said. Six pirates have been arrested after they launched an attack on a French military supply ship by mistake off the coast of Somalia, the EU's naval force said Wednesday. Davey Lopes is out in Milwaukee. Phil Garner is gone in Detroit. And with slow and disappointing starts in Chicago and Colorado, Don Baylor and Buddy Bell should be added to the list of managers' necks to watch. Mongolia recalled one of its diplomats in Sofia Friday after he was arrested on Wednesday with 120 kilograms (264 pounds) of amphetamines in his car, the Bulgarian foreign ministry said. The United States is playing for the Women's World Cup soccer championship this month in China. The U.S. team is ranked No. 1 in the world, so it should win the title, right? Faltering economies and high oil prices have lessened the world's thirst for crude, leading a respected energy study Friday to again cut its estimate for annual growth in demand. In the first 10 months of this year, Chilean fish exports were 14.9 percent down from the same period last year, said a senior agricultural ministry official on Friday.
t3894 Biographical factfile of Zimbabwean goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar following his arrest by English detectives on Tuesday in connection with a match-fixing inquiry involving Far East betting syndicates: Ousted Philippine President Joseph Estrada returned to court Friday for closing arguments in his six-year plunder trial, with government lawyers arguing that a guilty verdict would show that the powerful are not above the law. Pope Benedict XVI expressed his solidarity with Poles grieving after an air crash killed their president and 95 others, in a message read out by his envoy at a memorial ceremony in Warsaw. President Bush urged the Senate on Thursday to pass a bill central to his ``compassionate conservative'' agenda that would give federal money to religious charities. A teenage student went on a shooting rampage at an Indian reservation, gunning down nine people before committing suicide in the worst US school massacre since Columbine in 1999, police and local media said Tuesday. More than a million cars were banned from Beijing's notoriously clogged streets Friday in a test run for all-out measures to reduce pollution during the 2008 Olympics. A visibly banged-up Mayor Paul Schell went back to work Monday, promising to continue taking his agenda into the streets despite being bashed in the face by a protester's megaphone. Mozambican Foreign Minister Leonardo Simao on Wednesday expressed his belief that a second Maputo summit on the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) is just days away.
t5024 Egyptian and Jordanian officials opened a two-day economic meeting here Thursday aimed at drawing up an agreement to scrap double- taxation. Alejandro Moreno scored on a diving header in the 85th minute to help the Columbus Crew salvage a 3-3 tie with the New England Revolution on Saturday in Major League Soccer. Oil prices slid beneath 82 dollars on Monday, extending last week's losses as financial markets reeled from the impact of fraud charges against Wall Street icon Goldman Sachs, analysts said. In the end, the San Francisco woman turned down the job. ``I wound up getting offers here,'' Dioguardi Lewis said. ``But it was a wonderful security blanket.'' US prosecutors disclosed Wednesday they had launched a criminal probe against media tycoon Conrad Black, who is already besieged by several lawsuits and regulatory probes. Most people crave homes that have character, but filmmaker John August wanted a house to be a character. Four years ago, the screenwriter of Tim Burton's "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" and "Big Fish" and Doug Liman's "Go" attended an open house and found not only a new residence, The parent company of The Meadows hopes to raise money Friday for employees at the racetrack at which 28 horses died in a fire last week. The following are latest facts and figures about China's main import commodities from Chile from January to September this year, released by the General Administration of Customs:
t6465 A Paris conference on stability in Europe ended here Tuesday with 52 nations adopting a pact aimed at stifling potential conflict in former communist eastern Europe. Iran's top nuclear negotiator, Ali Larijani, and EU foreign policy chief, Javier Solana, will meet in Portugal on Saturday for a new round of talks over Tehran's disputed nuclear program, Iranian state television reported Tuesday. Kyrgyzstan's ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev insisted Wednesday that he was still the rightful leader of his country, breaking several days of silence after his flight into exile. Diane Larsen was on a fast track at the Ernst &AMP; Young accounting firm four years ago when the desire to have a baby took hold. So the 32-year-old accountant began asking women how they managed to raise families without jeopardizing their careers. British Prime Minister Tony Blair was informed by the Americans of their intention to nominate Paul Wolfowitz to head the World Bank, but he chose not to inform his European partners, The Financial Times newspaper reported Saturday. Simple announcement of the plan represented something of a personal triumph for the New York senator, whose 1993-1994 reform effort with her husband, then-President Clinton, went down to ignominious defeat. With the new plan, she could have a rare second chance to recast the system on which the nation Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika, wrapping up his first U.S. visit, says he wants to show that his violence-wracked nation should no longer be cut off from the world. Chinese Assistant Foreign Minister Wang Yi also held talks with Thinley, who is here to attend the 14th round of Sino-Bhutanese border talks.
t9855 President Bill Clinton reiterated support for Haitian President Jean- Bertrand Aristide Thursday, brushing aside allegations that Aristide is connected to the recent assassination of a political opponent. French President Nicolas Sarkozy called for swift international action Monday toward speeding up deployment of troops in Darfur, as key world players met to try to consolidate efforts and resources for the ravaged Sudanese region. A fine unbeaten 61 from Chamara Kapugedera was in vain as Sri Lanka slumped to a five-wicket defeat to South Africa with three balls to spare in a World Twenty20 warm-up on Wednesday. The popular television show ``The Bachelor'' has revived a debate that has preoccupied every fifth-grade class since the Stone Age: is it better to throw yourself at a guy you like, or just to ignore him? Mikhail Khodorkovsky, founder and ex-chief of crippled Russian oil giant Yukos, defiantly rejected charges of fraud and embezzlement as a politically-motivated farce as his landmark trial concluded after nearly a year and the judge set April 27 for a verdict. As directed by Jonathan Demme, this narrowly cast documentary focuses so exclusively on a publicity tour the former president took in the closing months of 2006 that a more accurate title might be "Jimmy Carter How I Sold My Book." New York Mets catcher Mike Piazza was ejected from Friday night's game against the Philadelphia Phillies for arguing a call at first base. Delegates of the People's Health Assembly (PHA) 2000 here Wednesday accused the World Bank of following policies that were detrimental to the health of poor people around the globe.
t5380 down. Aluminium fell around 50 dollars to 1,800 dollars per tonne, easing as investment funds withdrew from the market, dealers said. Fetid blue-green algae have returned to two major lakes in eastern China and covered one-third of their surfaces, but so far the blooms have not affected drinking water supplies, state media reported Monday. Bath edged out second-placed Northampton on Tuesday, coming from behind to win 21-20 to keep alive their English Premiership play-off hopes. House Speaker Newt Gingrich of Georgia is pitching the idea of a specialized court system that would use medical professionals to decide malpractice cases. Monaco's Prince Rainier is showing no signs of improvement on his third day on artificial respiration with lung, heart and kidney problems, a source close to the ruler told AFP Wednesday. A new management team has been named at the National Hurricane Center, a signal by federal officials that Bill Proenza, the center's ousted director, will not be returning. President Abdurrahman Wahid ordered the arrest Thursday of Indonesia's renegade national police chief, who has refused to stand aside after opposing a plan to declare a state of emergency ahead of Wahid's impeachment next month. Legwaila Joseph Legwaila, U.N. special representative to Ethiopia and Eritrea, Monday characterized the meeting as " extremely crucial and productive," according to the U.N. Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea, known as the UNMEE.
t6191 The United States has for the first time received permission to deploy military equipment in Qatar to help defend Gulf Arab states against Iraq and Iran, US Defense Secretary William Perry said Monday. Former Prime Minister Ehud Barak took over as defense minister on Tuesday, an appointment that restored the job to a man with solid defense credentials at a time of heightened security concerns on Israel's southern and northern borders. Italian Riccardo Ricco of Ceramica Flaminia edged out race leader Alexander Vinokourov and reigning champion Ivan Basso to claim the second stage of the Tour of Trentin on Wednesday. An article last Sunday about the Masters golf tradition in which an elder of the tournament hits a ceremonial tee shot misstated the age of Byron Nelson when he was an honorary starter in 1994. He was 82, not 62. US President George W. Bush told Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh by telephone Friday that Washington planned to sell F-16 fighter jets to Delhi's arch-rival Pakistan, the White House said. That would be the mercenary, the soldier who fights for money above all else and operates outside any system of laws, an individual who in today's world calls himself a consultant or a private military contractor. According to co-directors Nick Bicanic and Jason Bourque, these men now operate in Robert Mueller, the federal prosecutor chosen by President Bush to head the FBI, has very localized, treatable prostate cancer, according to papers submitted to the Senate in support of his nomination. MACAU, November (Xinhua) -- Briton Michael Rutter beat defending champion and compatriot David Jefferies to win the Macau Motorcycle Grand Prix on Saturday.
t7873 Security forces have killed more than 300 armed Islamic extremists in a sweep west of the capital in the biggest operation against extremists in two years, El Watan daily said Saturday. Oil prices rose back above US$69 a barrel Thursday as the oil industry began to feel the effects of a general strike in Nigeria, Africa's largest crude producer. Gold opened lower in Hong Kong Friday at 1,139.00-1,140 US dollars an ounce, down from Thursday's close of 1,148.50-1,149.50 dollars. The worldwide recording industry has identified thedownloading and CD burning of online music its greatest threat, but a San Francisco Bay Area company plans to start a new service Monday that caters to those increasingly popular consumer activities. The top US financial regulator Thursday ordered beleaguered insurer American International Group to stop any destruction of documents that might shed light on allegations of murky dealing. Uncertainty about the U.S. economy and the weak housing market helped put the brakes on buying for the fourth consecutive month. The Air Force wants to retire 18 of its B-52 bombers by 2003, but some members of Congress pledged Tuesday to give the Defense Department enough money to maintain the full fleet of bombers. China is ready to expand cooperation with Iraq in the political, cultural, trade, economic and other areas, Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan told visiting Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tarik Aziz in Beijing Monday.
t5276 Japan's NTT International Corp. said Friday it had received an order to upgrade the telephone cable system in Vietnam's capital, Hanoi. President Nicolas Sarkozy's conservative party won a smaller than expected majority in France's parliamentary elections Sunday, according to poll projections, and suffered a stinging loss for a senior minister who immediately announced that he would resign. Relief supplies poured into China's quake zone in a remote Tibetan region Monday as the disaster response ramped up, but authorities warned icy weather could bring more misery in days ahead. Lodging: On Corpus Christi Beach, the recently renovated Radisson Beach Hotel is the top option, with beach access, pool and other amenities, 3200 Surfside Blvd., (361) 883-9700, or www.radisson.com. The Quality Inn Sandy Shores, just next door, (361) 883-7456, offers comfortable rooms at more budget-minded rates. Belgian chemical and pharmaceutical group Solvay has bought French laboratory Fournier Pharma for 1.3 billion euros (1.69 billion dollars) in a "major strategic decision" to be finalised in the next few months, Solvay said on Thursday. Washington D.C. asked the Supreme Court Tuesday to save the city's ban on handgun ownership, saying an appeals court decision overturning the prohibition "drastically departs from the mainstream of American jurisprudence." Colombians got what they wanted Wednesday night _ a peaceful opening of Copa America, capped by a victory by the host country. The Jiangxi Hongdu Aviation Industry Co., Ltd., one of China's major airplane producers, is making its initial public offerings (IPOs), upon approval by the China Securities Regulatory Commission.
t2661 Irish Prime Minister John Bruton asked Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams on Friday to use his influence with the IRA to persuade it to start moves towards decommissioning its huge arsenal of weapons. Norton, one of the original whale sharks at the Georgia Aquarium, died early Wednesday, the aquarium's second whale shark death in five months. The British charity Oxfam International on Thursday announced that it had suspended operations at Mbandaka, a key town in the northwest Democratic Republic of Congo, because of insecurity. Mike Wallace, who turns 84 in May, said that next fall he will severely reduce his involvement with ``60 Minutes,'' the CBS news magazine that he helped start in 1968. Prime Minister Tony Blair faced another challenger in Britain's upcoming elections after the father of a military policeman killed in Iraq pledged Saturday to stand against him in an upcoming election. For the last three years, calls from the nation's workers about job discrimination have been answered by a private call center. But its contract is coming to an end, in large part because of opposition by unions and key Democrats in Congress. Brian Jordan homered twice to help Greg Maddux win his sixth straight decision as the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9-5 Thursday night. The Palestinians leadership Thursday called on the Palestinian people to unify stances in efforts to realize a just and comprehensive peace with Israel.
t1776 Britain's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) said Wednesday it was "too early" to say whether the government would be requesting the extradition of Barings trader Nick Leeson, currently held in a Frankfurt jail. Adam Eaton pitched four-hit ball for seven innings, and Ryan Howard, Pat Burrell and Jimmy Rollins homered to lead the Philadelphia Phillies over the Chicago White Sox 3-0 on Monday night. Russian businessman Alisher Usmanov has added to the uncertainty surrounding the future ownership of Premier League giants Arsenal by refusing to rule out a possible takeover of the club. The unexpected resignation prompted speculation that Microsoft's corporate culture, dominated for more than 20 years by Chairman Bill Gates and Chief Executive Steve Ballmer, can be difficult for outside executives to penetrate. Malaysia plans to recruit 100,000 male Pakistanis to relieve an acute labour shortage caused by a crackdown that sent hundreds of thousands of illegal workers fleeing, reports said Friday. David Beckham has arrived. The world's most famous soccer player is now with the Los Angeles Galaxy of Major League Soccer. I'm sure Beckham will sell thousands of tickets and plenty of Galaxy soccer shirts. But soccer is a team game, so I'm wondering how big a difference one Todd Ritchie pitched into the seventh inning for his fifth straight win, and John Vander Wal and Brian Giles homered as the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 3-2 Tuesday night. Li Chao, playwright of "Mao Zedong and Edgar Snow," said in an interview with Xinhua that the movie is an independent creation based on mountains of materials and extensive interviews.
t1576 The British government has begun to gather evidence to back a possible request for the extradition from Germany to Britain of Barings trader Nick Leeson, according to Wednesday's Financial Times. Costa Rica's Walter Centeno scored his third goal in the CONCACAF Gold Cup and the Ticos advanced out of the group stage with a 1-0 victory over Guadeloupe on Monday night. Hong Kong shares were 0.36 percent higher in the first few minutes of trade Tuesday, with the benchmark Hang Seng Index up 79.71 points at 22,217.88. Schuyler Riley of Wellington said she and her horse, Ilian, are prepared to defend their championship title Sunday in the $150,000 Budweiser AGA Championship. UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said Thursday he expects a complete withdrawal of Syrian forces from Lebanon before an election is held there, according to a spokesman. Vanity is making a comeback, at least in the furniture department. The vanity table, a standard in 18th-century paintings and grandmothers' houses, is showing up, glamorously, in suburban master suites and teen-age bedrooms. And it's no longer designed just for women. CBS' ``Big Brother,'' which proved that reality television could be simultaneously offensive and dull, wants to make amends for its past. The Sensitive Index (Sensex) dropped on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Friday due to profit- booking by operators in the absence of any fresh institutional buying.
t6701 The ruling Conservatives comfortably won a key House of Commons vote Tuesday, defeating an opposition Labour call for "fundamental change" of the European Union's Common Agricultural Policy. The lawyer for Guillermo Coria told a jury Tuesday that the Argentine tennis player lost two seasons, millions of dollars and his reputation because of "sloppy manufacturing" that tainted a multivitamin with a steroid. Cameroonian journalist Bibi Ngota, managing editor of the Cameroun Express, who had been charged with fraud, died in Yaounde prison Thursday, his family and union officials told AFP. KANSAS CITY, Mo. - The Kansas City Health Department and Cerner Corp. announced Monday they have developed an ``early warning'' computer system to alert health authorities to possible disease outbreaks or bioterrorist attacks in the metropolitan area. The OSCE general secretary Jan Kubis was expected to hold talks with Kyrgyzstan's new leadership Sunday, as life in the capital began to settle down following the chaotic toppling of the Central Asian nation's Soviet-era regime. The news reached a few students at the George School on Monday night in an e-mail carrying the subject line "You are kidding!?" A missile interceptor soared into the skies over a tiny Pacific isle Saturday and appeared from live video images to have destroyed its target, a mock nuclear warhead traveling through space. Malaysia will send scientists to the Antarctica in December to conduct a research on marine and biological sciences, according to Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar Tuesday.
t955 Russian ultra-nationalist leader Vladimir Zhirinovsky kicked off a visit here Monday with a controversial call on India to effectively annex Pakistan and Bangladesh. China's monthly trade surplus rose in May to US$22.5 billion (euro16.9 billion), up 73 percent from the same month last year, the main state news agency said Monday. A withdrawal of the UN mission from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) in 2011 sought by Kinshasa would be "premature," France's UN Ambassador Gerard Araud said here Tuesday. UConn survives OU rally to cap perfect season EDs: Final version By By Olin Buchanan c. 2002 Cox News Service JP Morgan Chase said Wednesday it will pay two billion dollars to settle claims it aided and abetted WorldCom in deceiving investors before the telecom firm's bankruptcy. Finding unclaimed bank accounts, stock certificates and other securities is a lucrative business for a handful of private companies that contract with the state of California to comb the books of corporations, insurance companies and financial institutions. Business sentiment in Japan worsened in the second quarter, as companies hit by weakening demand for their products in overseas markets and plunging profits continued to pare spending, a central bank survey showed Monday. The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) leader Kim Jong Il will meet with U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright again in Pyongyang Tuesday afternoon, Yonhap news agency said.
t9062 But most fans outside north London wanted a reunion of the Newcastle axis which brought Peter Beardsley and Cole an astonishing 73 goals in 55 games together. When Edith Isabel Rodriguez showed up in the emergency room of an inner-city hospital complaining of severe stomach pain, the staff was familiar with her. Russia has extradited a former Kyrgyz minister who vanished amid the unrest that swept the former authorities from power, the country's interim government said Monday. Family and friends, record executives, hotel managers, a mega-church, police, the news media and thousands of fans of Lisa ``Left Eye'' Lopes have been feverishly preparing for the young singer's funeral today. Britain's Prince Charles and his new bride Camilla began their honeymoon in the Scottish Highlands on Sunday, a day after a regal wedding made official their decades-old love affair. Should they come up with a cheaper, scaled-back version that Bush might accept? Or should they continue to press for the full $60 billion plan Congress has passed, hoping to pressure more Republicans into breaking with the White House? Worries are mounting in Europe that the persistent imbalance between a weak euro and strong dollar could sabotage a global economic recovery, hammering companies with higher costs and boosting prices of U.S. exports overseas. U.S. President Bill Clinton's planned departure from office next January should not be set as a deadline for a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians, Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said Sunday.
t7523 Vietnam will accept the return of a group of its nationals held in the Philippines after being refused entry to the United States, as long as aid is provided for their resettlement, a foreign ministry spokesman said Friday. The U.S. dollar was trading at 123.56 yen at 8:50 a.m. Thursday (2350 GMT Wednesday), down from 123.61 yen late Wednesday in New York. European citizens will soon be able to find out about pollution in their local areas at the click of a mouse and lodge complaints under a new international agreement, the UN said Friday. A police captain and a 68-year-old man suspected of domestic abuse killed each other in a brief, 17-shot gunfight in which both emptied their weapons, White Settlement Police Chief David Place said Thursday. Two Hong Kong men have been arrested at Sydney airport carrying 400 grams (14 ounces) of a substance believed to be heroin, an Australian Federal Police spokesman said Tuesday. Esam Omeish, the Muslim leader from Fairfax County, Va., who resigned from the state immigration commission after controversial remarks made on video surfaced, defended his remarks Friday and said he was the victim of a smear campaign. BATTING_RAlomar, Cleveland, .355; JGonzalez, Cleveland, .350; Suzuki, Seattle, .333; JaGiambi, Oakland, .330; McGriff, Tampa Bay, .328; BBoone, Seattle, .326; MJSweeney, Kansas City, .325. Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov on Wednesday finished his two-day visit to Poland, during which he conveyed hopes for improvements in bilateral ties with this eastern European country.
t2519 The French government said Friday it will resume talks with unions over a strike on Corsica which has increasingly paralysed public services over the last four weeks, a statement said. Security officers pulled the hair of Pakistan's top judge as they bundled him into a car days after President Gen. Pervez Musharraf suspended him, his lawyer said Wednesday. Seven people were injured when a group of masked "hooligans" attacked a passenger train in a Belgrade suburb on Thursday, Serbia's railways said in a statement. The night before the convention, Mitt Romney gathered 50 supporters in a room on the ninth floor of the DoubleTree Hotel for a pep talk with a mission: Do what you can to help his designated running mate, Kerry Murphy Healey, get on the ballot. An influential hardline Muslim cleric has condemned a woman professor who led an Islamic prayer service in New York, saying Islam bans women from doing so unless the congregation is made up solely of women. -- ``Climate Change: What It Means for Us, Our Children, and Our Grandchildren,'' edited by Joseph F.C. DiMento and Pamela Doughman (The MIT Press: 208 pp., $19.95, coming in September): This book, a clear-headed effort to explain the gap between science and policy, contains some fascinating data on the If confirmed by the Senate, Robert Mueller would be the sixth full-time director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which was created in 1935. J. Edgar Hoover headed the Bureau of Investigation from 1924 until it became the FBI. FBI directors and their terms: The value of Indonesia's export continued to increase and it reached an all time monthly high as it was recorded at 5.79 billion U.S. dollars in September this year or 4.47 percent higher than the figure in August as it only reached 5.54 billion U.S. dollars, an official announced
t9092 Former world heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson, whose release from prison on Saturday unleashed a deluge of speculation on his future in boxing, will read a statement at a press conference here on Thursday -- but he will not answer questions. Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Saturday accused NATO and U.S.-led forces of mounting "careless operations" that killed more than 90 civilians in the last 10 days. Malaysian police Monday said they have detained 75 Sri Lankan migrants who refused to get off a fishing trawler, after three days of talks to persuade them to leave the vessel broke down. The State Department reported on Wednesday that Colombia is making progress in deterring human rights crimes by the armed forces and right-wing paramilitary groups, clearing the way for the release of $62 million in American military aid. The European Union wants a negotiated settlement to a dispute with the United States over government aid to aircraft makers Boeing and Airbus, and will not be the first to bring the row before the World Trade Organisation, an aide to EU Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson said Sunday. Hillary Rodham Clinton returned more than $800,000 in contributions donated to her presidential campaign that were arranged by alleged swindler Norman Hsu. But campaign officials said Tuesday they had no plans to return more than $260,000 that many of the same donors gave to her Senate political accounts. Israel rejected a call on Thursday by the world's most powerful countries for third-party monitoring of an unraveling Israeli-Palestinian cease-fire, saying Palestinian violence must stop first. Central leader of All Parties Hurriyat Conference (APHC), Abdul Ghani Lone on Sunday said declaration of ceasefire by Pakistan along LoC is a step towards right direction for resolving the Kashmir dispute, Associated Press of Pakistan (APP) reported.
t6461 China had more than four trillion yuan (480 billion dollars) of unsold real estate at the end of 1994, with the high prices of luxury projects creating a market glut, the official Xinhua news agency reported Tuesday. A top militant leader freed on bail said Tuesday that armed groups in Nigeria's restive south will halt attacks on oil-installations to give the new government a chance to deal with the region's problems. The German economy, Europe's largest, will grow by 1.4 percent this year, Economy Minister Rainer Bruederle said on Wednesday, leaving a previous forecast made in January unchanged. I heard two local real estate stories recently that, taken together, illustrate the curious nature of the current economic scene. Three US soldiers were killed in Iraq as security forces said they had arrested 120 suspects Saturday on suspicion of planning attacks on the country's Shiite majority ahead of a major religious holiday. Pakistan's election commission announced a rule change Monday that could allow Gen. Pervez Musharraf to remain army chief even as he seeks another term as president. With a decades-old dispute over the Kashmir region high on the agenda, Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf arrived in India on Saturday for a landmark summit aimed at smoothing stormy relations between these two nuclear rivals. Shanghai, China's leading industrial and commercial city, will spend 350 billion yuan on six pillar industries over the next five years as part of its efforts to restructure local economy.
t2814 Irishman Darren Clarke and American Clay Devers each posted nine under par 207s to emerge joint leaders after the third round of the 250,000-dollar Malaysian Open golf here Saturday. The fossils of feathered dinosaurs whose discoveries helped firm hypotheses on the origin of birds will be exhibited publicly in the U.S. for the first time this weekend. Michael Schumacher arrived in Shanghai Thursday full of confidence he can win this year's drivers' world title even after making little impact in the first three races. Toyota is creating a new line of automobiles just for teen-agers and will carve out special sections in their dealers' showrooms to display these cars. The Auckland Blues may be stacked with All Blacks but after being outclassed by the Canterbury Crusaders in their Super 12 match at the weekend, coach Peter Sloane has warned heads will roll when he names the next side to play the ACT Brumbies. The White House Friday formally withdrew its nominee to be U.S. ambassador to Armenia, yielding to senators who opposed the candidate because he refused to call World War I-era killings of ethnic Armenians by Ottoman Turks a genocide. Former FBI agent Robert Hanssen pleaded guilty Friday to 15 counts of espionage and conspiracy to spy for Russia as part of a plea agreement to avoid the death penalty. Japanese enterprises shall expand cooperation with their Chinese counterparts, while the products of Sino-Japanese joint ventures are expected to enter the Japanese market.
t5801 Senior Greek and Macedonian officials, probably foreign ministers, will meet at UN headquarters in New York in April, Greek Foreign Minister Carolos Papoulias said here Sunday. Gunmen opened fire Monday at the Erez crossing between Israel and Gaza, the Israeli rescue service said, and a number of Palestinians were wounded. Dutch airspace partially reopened Tuesday morning after closure due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, a spokesman from the transport inspection authority IVW said. Relatives of passengers aboard hijacked United Flight 93 on Sept. 11 emerged Thursday after hearing a bone-chilling cockpit recording to describe a chaotic rebellion to retake the plane from terrorists. Michael Jackson's famous family is avoiding the limelight in favor of a discreet show of support as the "King of Pop" faces his darkest hour in a California courtroom. Soon I will travel 189 miles northwest of here to attend the 62nd Frankfurt Auto Show, one of the premier exhibits on the international auto show calendar. Energy companies raised billions of dollars in the first six months of the year through initial public offerings, but investors who plugged into these stocks mostly got zapped. New Zealand's chief of Defense Force said here Thursday that the armed forces will find it increasingly difficult to sustain an ongoing presence in East Timor unless the New Zealand government decides to expand the land forces, according to a press release from the New Zealand Parliament.
t8543 Japan's Mitsubishi Corp. said Monday that it has won an order worth 50 billion yen (556 million dollars) to help build a liquefied natural gas plant in East Kalimantan, Indonesia. Two suspected leaders of the Southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah now in custody could help authorities track down other members in Indonesia, police said Friday. Thai authorities will retake the anti-government protest site in Bangkok, the prime minister said Sunday in a television address made with the army chief, without disclosing when. An economic study of the Indian Point nuclear power plant released Monday concludes that shutting down the plant would increase the likelihood of rolling blackouts and cost consumers an estimated $3.4 billion over the next four years to replace that lost electricity through other sources. Wall Street shares tumbled Friday, with a consolidation move after several days of gains gathered pace late despite a drop in oil prices. THE DVD FILEJudd Apatow's geek streakThe slacker-flick auteur's latest hit, `Knocked Up,' comes to disc only three months after arriving in theaters.THE DVD FILE Even geekdom has an `Up' side Writer-director-producer Judd Apatow has made a lucrative career of exploring male geekdom, first in his cult TV series "Freaks Squabbling between lawyers from the NBA and the players' union kept some free agent activity _ but not all of it _ from moving forward Wednesday. The meeting noted said expanding the channels of employment is a major way to increase the income of urban and rural residents, which should be taken as a major target of the work of governments at all levels. The development of businesses of all types of ownership should be
t9485 World number one Arantxa Sanchez Vicario struggled in her clay season debut Wednesday, rallying to beat Romania's Ruxandra Dragomir 3-6, 6-1, 6-3 at the Family Circle Cup. Israel is not prepared at this point to enter into negotiations on a final peace deal with the Palestinians, an aide to Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Sunday, ahead of a regional summit. Staff from 16 public transport companies in Portugal walked out Tuesday in protest at the government's moves to cut a public deficit, bringing traffic across Portugal's biggest cities to a standstill. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com LG Philips LCD, the world's second-largest maker of liquid crystal display screens (LCD), said Monday it posted its first net loss in nine quarters in the first quarter due to a fall in LCD prices. The Big Mac is back, or at least the breakfast burrito is. Burger giant McDonald's said Friday that its third-quarter profit rose 27 percent, partly thanks to a boom in breakfast business and more menu diversity. The company's stock was trading at around $40 per share a year ago; Russia temporarily stopped exporting black caviar and halted commercial fishing of sturgeon in the Caspian Sea on Friday in an effort to save the fish from extinction. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,820.59 points Tuesday, down 34.63 points from the last close.
t1279 A South Korean housewife scared off a would-be rapist who had threatened her and a taxi driver with death by screaming that she was an AIDS patient, newspapers reported Tuesday. A protest in Moscow led by chess champion Garry Kasparov and other critics of President Vladimir Putin ended peacefully Monday -- in marked contrast to their last demonstration in the capital, which ended in beatings and arrests. Ousted Kyrgyzstan president Kurmanbek Bakiyev on Tuesday said for the first time since he was toppled in protests that he was ready to resign but only if his security was guaranteed. Like Dan Quayle misspelling ``potato,'' Bill Clinton hugging Monica Lewinsky and Michael Dukakis looking like a little boy as he posed in a tank, the anecdote about President George W. Bush waving like a fool to a famous blind musician has become a part of modern political ``jokelore'' _ South African President Thabo Mbeki, who has been mediating the crisis in Ivory Coast, has called all sides in the conflict to an "urgent meeting" this month in South Africa, one of the main Ivorian opposition parties said Thursday. Sen. John Warner, R-Va., said Sunday that the congressional resolution approved in October 2002 that gave President Bush authority to use force in Iraq needs to be changed because it no longer covers what U.S. forces are doing or will do in the future. Dealing the family of Roger Maris a blow, a judge Monday dismissed half of the eight counts his relatives are pursuing against Anheuser-Busch in a lawsuit. If the Palestinian leadership could take measures to quell the violence, Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak might accept the invitation to Washington for resuming peace talks, a senior aide of Barak said Thursday.
t8692 The White House is calling for an international oil embargo on Libya to pressure it to hand over two suspects implicated in the crash of an airliner over Scotland in 1988, Cable News Network reported on Monday. A senior Russian diplomat said Friday that the transfer of millions of dollars (euros) in North Korean funds that had been frozen by the United States will be completed sometime next week, Russian news agencies reported. The UN's food agency doubled its aid Monday to Niger as thousands join a desperate exodus from parched farmland in western Africa's Sahel region, where 10 million people are facing hunger. The recently rejuvenated Hubble Space Telescope, using its new main camera, has produced a stunning set of images of dynamic processes in the far reaches of the universe, scientists said Tuesday. Britain's Prince Charles was set to tie the knot Saturday with Camilla Parker Bowles, the true love of his life, in a private civil ceremony that inevitably paled against his storybook wedding to Princess Diana more than 20 years ago. Economists have been predicting that consumers would slow their spending but that the damage would be cushioned as U.S. businesses sold more products abroad. Thursday, there was evidence that both are starting to happen. Barry Bonds hit his 41st and 42nd home runs of the season Wednesday night to tie Mickey Mantle for ninth place on the career list with 536. The Pentagon said Thursday that Russia was apparently trying to test the U.S. air defense system in Alaska by deploying five long-range "Bear" bombers to bases at the eastern tip of the country.
t9890 A suspect arrested by US forces has implicated Haiti's interior minister in the assassination of Mireille Durocher-Bertin, an opponent of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, an administration official said Thursday. In a video released Monday, kidnapped British journalist Alan Johnston appears with what he says are explosives strapped to his body and warns that his captors intend to set them off if rescuers attempt to free him by force. Thai troops opened fire on "Red Shirt" protesters Wednesday during a tense confrontation on a highway in Bangkok's northern suburbs that left one soldier dead and 18 people injured. Don't worry. Our Tom has not gone Hollywood, New York, or even Back Bay. Our Tom is still the same young man who helped win a Super Bowl for the Patriots, and did it with style and grace under difficult conditions. European stock markets retreated Monday, with sentiment dampened in London by mining issues and in Frankfurt by worries over the auto sector following a warning from Ford. Setting the stage for a bitter election-year battle over the direction of U.S. tax policy, the House's chief tax writer Thursday unveiled a broad proposal that includes repealing the alternative minimum tax as well as reducing taxes on an estimated 91 million mostly lower- and middle-income Americans while raising OFFICE OF THE COMMISSIONER_Suspended Cleveland RHP Bartolo Colon for seven games and fined him an undisclosed amount for intentionally throwing at Houston C Scott Servais in a game on July 17. Britain's largest ferry company said Thursday that a total of 43 stowaways were found in the first 24 hours of a new operation to stop people entering Britain illegally.
t5356 The Ivory Coast government has responded to a crime wave sweeping the country by proposing public execution by firing squad for robbers, the country's justice ministry said Friday. In his five years as president, Alvaro Uribe has repeatedly denied accusations that he's been cozy with Colombia's murderous right-wing militias, whose thousands of victims include suspected rebel sympathizers and union activists. Argentina's last dictator, Reynaldo Bignone, 82, was Tuesday sentenced to 25 years in prison after being found guilty of ordering torture and illegal detentions during his 1982-1983 rule. Infant monkeys fed baby formulas supplemented with omega-3 fatty acids _ the ones found in ``fish oil'' _ were stronger and more alert even at less than a week old than monkeys given standard baby formula. The European Union is studying an Iranian proposal allowing the Islamic republic to produce uranium on a small scale, despite the EU's stated position that it must abandon the process to guarantee it will not make atom bombs, officials and diplomats said here Thursday. The Oprah-Obama '08 bumper sticker was meant to be only a lark, hawked on the Internet for $3.99 under the catchphrase "Just when you thought there was no hope for the Democratic Party ..." Craig Waibel and Alexi Lalas scored goals within two minutes Wednesday night, giving the Los Angeles Galaxy a 3-1 victory over the Seattle Sounders Select Squad in the third round of the U.S. Open Cup. Moscow was trying to reassert its lost influence in the Middle East, as Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov returned to the region on Monday in a fresh bid to revive the stalked Israeli-Palestinian peace process.
t4156 Ireland were forced to make two changes to the side pencilled in for Saturday's Five Nations Championship wooden-spoon decider against Wales in Cardiff here on Tuesday. Seven men convicted of joining in a terrorist plot to detonate explosions including a radioactive "dirty bomb" were sentenced to jail Friday. A summit meeting between Pakistan's Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and EU leaders set for Wednesday in Brussels will be postponed due the halt in European air traffic, a diplomatic source told AFP. Home years ago, James Cox Kennedy, the chairman of Cox Enterprises, was flying to Hawaii with his mother and some friends. Unhappy that she was smoking, Kennedy admonished her to stop. When she paid no heed, he tried leverage. ``It's a company plane,'' he warned. Britain increasingly sees a proposal to lift the European Union's arms embargo on China as a mistake, analysts said Tuesday, amid increasing reports that London is pushing hard to delay the move. Will ``American Idol'' host Ryan Seacrest be able to lure that show's millions of texting-crazed teens to a three-to-four-hour trophy show in which William Shatner is favored to win best supporting actor in a drama series? A huge dust storm raging on Mars since last month has spread more than halfway around the Red Planet, NASA said Monday. South Africa will immediately implement a vaccination program to combat the spread of foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) in the northeastern KwaZulu-Natal midlands, the country's national disease control center said on Thursday.
t6905 The European Commission on Wednesday unveiled proposals for a ten-year extension and a tightening of the European Union's current system of television content quotas, designed to protect the European film and television industries from Hollywood competition. Japan's ruling coalition wants to extend the current parliamentary session, delaying next month's upper house elections and giving the administration more time to push through legislation it hopes will boost its popularity, news reports said Wednesday. Punk legend and ex-Sex Pistols manager Malcolm McLaren had a showy send-off Thursday, with a spray-painted coffin, "too fast to live too young to die" and Sid Vicious vocals marking his funeral. My place here is cute enough, but what makes it ideal is its location. On the Left Bank, smack in the middle of Sartre-Beauvoir country, it is 45 seconds from a bus that stops at the Louvre, the Metro line that goes directly to the flea market at Clignancourt Allegations by the US government that Iran has a covert nuclear weapons program are "baseless," but Tehran has the right to develop and diversify its own sources of energy, a top Iranian diplomat said Sunday. A top national security adviser to former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, R, said in an interview that there are "too many" mosques in the United States and urged a more aggressive law enforcement approach toward them. Neville Godwin of South Africa won his first ATP title Sunday, defeating Martin Lee of Britain 6-1, 6-4 in the final of the $400,000 Hall of Fame Championships. SINGAPORE, November 22 (Xinhua) - Economic ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) are scheduled to sign here Thursday a protocol regarding the implementation of the Common Effective Preference Tariffs (CEPT) scheme.
t1486 Algerian President Liamine Zeroual sacked his justice and communications ministers Tuesday, a fortnight after a bloody prison riot and amid journalists' protests over the closure of newspapers. An inmate once accused of plotting to kidnap David Letterman's young son remained missing after fleeing with another convict from a prison ranch. Inflation in Germany, Europe's top economy, was the highest for 15 months in March, the national statistics office said on Tuesday, driven by a spike in energy and fuel costs. The Devils' unusual odyssey to the Stanley Cup playoffs, which has included a coaching change and a trade involving their top-line center, will continue without one of their most valuable players of late. Customs agents seized about 40 kilograms (90 pounds) of cocaine worth 20 million euros (25 million dollars) at Rome's Fiumicino international airport, a customs official said Thursday. U.S. and Iraqi officials announced a ban on truck traffic into Kirkuk on Tuesday and proposed digging a trench around the northern city, where a series of bombs killed at least 76 people a day earlier. The last disassembled parts of a U.S. spy plane that collided with a Chinese fighter jet, sparking a crisis in U.S.-China relations, were flown off southern China's Hainan island Tuesday, the Navy said. World No. 1 Martina Hingis of Switzerland easily advanced to the quarter-finals of the Kremlin Cup tennis tournament on Wednesday after defeating Kveta Hrdlickova of the Czech Republic 6-0, 6-1.
t2998 Jordan's justice ministry has decided to ask for an annulment of elections for the president of the country's bar assocation because Palestinian lawyers from the Israeli-occupied West Bank took part. Hamas neared control of the entire Gaza Strip after a day of battles in which the Islamist fighters dislodged rival Fatah forces from key positions, sending some fleeing into Egypt, surrendering or destroying their bases instead of turning them over. Five people, including a woman, her young son and a police officer, were killed on Wednesday in a daylight shootout in the hotel zone of Acapulco on Mexico's Pacific coast, local police said. The Israeli move out of Tulkarem and Qalquiliya, both with large Palestinian refugee populations near the border of north-central Israel, was announced today by the Defense Ministry. It said the forces would ``redeploy'' and that it would tighten the military ``closure,'' or encirclement, of the towns, effectively restricting the Serbs who fled Croatia to escape ethnic violence during the 1991-95 war should grasp what may be a one-off opportunity to return home, the head of the pan-European OSCE security body's Croatian mission told AFP Sunday. Billionaire Paul Allen is selling the majority of his stake in DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. and stepping down from the board of the animation company he helped bankroll in its infancy. The death of a 14-year-old boy this week at an Arizona desert boot camp for delinquents is just the latest episode in the troubled history of these grueling programs. China began discharging water into the dry lower reaches of the Tarim River, the longest inland river in China, at 1 pm Friday.
t3851 The presiding judge in the Olympique Marseille match-fixing trial suspended the hearing on Tuesday after Bernard Tapie clashed with his former general manager Jean-Pierre Bernes. Colombia's Congress on Thursday approved a free trade deal with the United States, leaving the pact's fate in the hands of U.S. congressional Democrats who are increasingly scrutinizing the government's human rights record. Poland's historic city of Krakow is preparing for a up to one million mourners at Sunday's funeral of president Lech Kaczynski as the nation bids farewell after his death in an air crash. The battle over drilling in Alaska's arctic wilderness sparked renewed questions about the Bush administration's ties with the energy industry Thursday, as Representative Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts attacked the Department of Interior for using a pro-development lobbying group's video on its Web site. A special agent of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has arrived in Dhaka to investigate a January grenade attack on an opposition rally in which five people died, the US embassy said Tuesday. MPAA Rating: R for pervasive crude and sexual content, strong language, drinking, some drug use and a fantasy/comic violent image, all involving teens. Goran Ivanisevic claimed one of the most stunning championships in Wimbledon history Monday, beating Patrick Rafter in five sets after barely getting into the tournament. The World Bank approved Tuesday a total of 175.6 million U.S. dollars in credits to help India reduce poverty and improve health and the environment.
t9624 La Compagnie Financiere de Paribas is the parent company of Banque Paribas which saw its net profits after minority interests fall by 69.1 percent to 844 million francs from 2.735 billion francs in 1993. A car bomb explosion killed five U.N. peacekeepers patrolling a southern Lebanon road Sunday in an attack that could have serious repercussions beyond Lebanon's borders. Up north, Lebanese troops engaged in another battle with Islamic militants in Tripoli that claimed 10 more lives. Fighting broke out and smoke bombs were thrown Tuesday as Ukraine's parliament erupted into chaos as it ratified a bitterly controversial deal with Russia extending the lease of a key naval base. On the day before the Kentucky Derby, the rules are few: If you're a Louisville native, get yourself to Churchill Downs for the Kentucky Oaks, the horse race known as the fillies' run for the lilies. If you're a fashion-conscious female fan, buy the hat first, then put together Croatian first division saide Hajduk Split have made former international player and member of the club's management board Igor Stimac their new coach. While people can't grow rows upon rows of new teeth, as sharks can, a few people can surprise their dentist with an extra four or more wisdom teeth beyond the standard one to four. Despite a leaky and earsplitting shakedown, the newest addition to the international space station _ a portal for spacewalkers _ passed inspection Friday for its debut. European Union (EU) leaders hope their summit in Nice could be one of the milestones in the history of the European integration as what other European politicians have set up on the painful road to a bloc of unity.
t1305 US First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton called on governments Tuesday to hand over power to citizens and voluntary organisations in the fight to rid the world of poverty and social injustice. Romania's Prime Minister Calin Popescu Tariceanu and his minority Cabinet on Monday easily survived a parliamentary no-confidence vote proposed by his former allies, with most parties seeking to avoid triggering early elections. Defending champions Pohang Steelers, 2008 runners-up Adelaide United and former champions Gamba Osaka secured their places in the AFC Champions League knock-out round on Tuesday. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Wednesday, April 3, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. The Spanish economy is heading for growth of 2.7 percent this year and 3.0 percent in 2006 after a decade of strong performance and rising living standards but further reform is needed and a housing boom poses risks, the OECD said on Thursday. I confess. I'm one of those ``thoughtful'' eaters you've been hearing so much about -- the ones interrogating the arugula in the produce section or scrutinizing the ingredients on each box of Annie's mac and cheese. When there's a traffic jam in Aisle 3, it's usually us, commandeering the A preliminary federal investigation released Monday said Johns Hopkins University researchers deviated from safety standards in an asthma study in which a healthy participant died. At least four people were killed when two cars were collided in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, a report reaching here said Thursday.
t8778 Japanese share prices rose by 3.6 percent on the leading index here on Tuesday when sentiment was helped by an official announcement on exchange rates. Space shuttle Atlantis headed for a landing Friday at its backup location in California after rain and clouds over Florida ruled out Kennedy Space Center. Iran will soon issue bonds worth 750 million euros to develop its oil industry, which will be followed by a further five billion euros after March next year, a top oil official said on Monday. A tangle of abandoned clothes, half-covered in sand, lies just off the desert track. Pieces of white bone are strewn among the mess and the smell of decaying bodies drifts over the site. Two young Palestinians were killed Saturday by Israeli army fire in the south of the Gaza Strip, medical sources and witnesses said. Cecilia Sarkozy didn't vote for her husband, Nicolas, in May; she didn't accompany him to lunch with the Bushes in Maine last summer; and the woman at Sarkozy's side at a celebratory dinner after France's victory in the quarterfinals of the Rugby World Cup a week ago? Not his A train carrying hazardous chemicals derailed and caught fire in a downtown tunnel, causing a near shutdown of the city and burning so hot firefighters couldn't reach the flames for eight hours. The ruling Myanmar military government Friday lifted more than two months' restriction on six senior leaders of the opposition National League for Democracy ( NLD) since late September, according to a government information sheet.
t2003 First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh left here Thursday for France where he will lead the Cambodian government delegation at an international donor conference in Paris. The consortium behind the Bluetooth wireless standard announced Tuesday that Nokia Corp., the world's largest maker of cell phones, is contributing a technology that promises to bring the wireless connections to devices that are too small for regular Bluetooth chips. The dollar fell against the euro Wednesday ahead of US data and comments due from Federal Reserve chairman Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke on the outlook for the world's biggest economy. Victims of medical malpractice banded together on Thursday to urge hundreds of border doctors to abandon plans to walk out of their offices on Monday, saying that skyrocketing malpractice insurance rates would not be lowered by what they called a media trick. The dollar firmed against the euro and the yen on reports that South Korea has no plans to switch its reserves away from the US currency, dealers said. WHAT: You go to Los Angeles, you want to see a real live celebrity. You could skulk outside the latest hot spots, haunt the upscale shops on Rodeo Drive or blow your vacation budget at a trendy restaurant. A much easier way to catch a star is to attend A man fired a handgun at people in an RV park and a nearby grocery store, killing three and wounding four others, police said. The United Arab Emirates (UAE) Monday called on Britain to put pressure on Israel to stop its killings of Palestinian people and withdraw from occupied Arab territories.
t5561 The announcement of unprecedented face-to-face talks between British ministers and leaders of Sinn Fein appeared imminent Saturday, reports said, despite the absence of concessions on disarmament from the IRA's political wing. Rolls-Royce PLC, the world's second largest aircraft engine maker, said Monday that it won orders worth a total of US$6.06 billion (euro4.5 billion), including a record US$5.6 billion (euro4.2 billion) contract to supply engines to Qatar Airways. A US aid programme will launch late this year four tenders worth over 300 million dollars to rebuild roads and improve water and sanitation in Mozambique, local media reported on Tuesday. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com A leading Zimbawean rights activist on Thursday defied a police ultimatum to disclose his sources of information on human rights violations that were contained in a report released last week. Wuterich, of Merid en, Conn., faces 12 counts of un premeditated murder in the deaths of 17 of the 24 Iraqis. The hearing officer, Lt. Col. Paul Ware, will make a recommendation to Lt. Gen. James N. Mattis on whether Wuterich should go to a court-martial and, if so, Tennis champion Goran Ivanisevic joined 10 other of Croatia's top athletes Thursday in denouncing the government's decision to hand over Croat war crimes suspects to a U.N. tribunal. The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) recommended ways of improving drug testing at Olympic Games on Tuesday and narrowed down a list of candidate cities for its headquarters, according to reports from Oslo, Norway.
t5608 European Union foreign ministers rejected here Saturday calls from Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic for international sanctions against rump Yugoslavia to be lifted. The U.N.'s nuclear watchdog said Monday it will send a team to North Korea next week -- at Pyongyang's request -- to discuss how the inspectors would verify and monitor the shutdown of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor. US stocks rose in early trade on Tuesday, as investors took profits on recent high earners and plunged them into resurgent financial stocks. Nokia, the world's biggest maker of mobile phones and an important standard bearer for global technology stocks, said on Thursday that it was drastically reducing its forecast for sales this year. The announcement sent shivers through European markets and pushed Nokia's own share price down 13 percent. Iceland was on Thursday preparing to roll out the red carpet for chess legend Bobby Fischer, following his release from eight months of detention in a Japanese prison. Leaning over the prostrate African man, the toned and blonded American woman wears a look of furrowed concern. The bloodied and beaten young man has been lying in the middle of her living room for some time, a fact that is causing her no small degree of dismay. Hours after their release by police, two foreigners detained Thursday for passing out leaflets opposing Beijing's bid for the 2008 Olympics resumed their campaign outside the opening ceremony for the International Olympic Committee. DHAKA, November 15 (Xinhua) -- In a major move to ease hajj hassles, the Bangladeshi government has decided to send pilgrims to Saudi Arabia through private agencies, announced the Ministry of Religious Affairs at a news conference here Wednesday.
t1732 France has decided to increase its food aid to civil war-torn Sierra Leone from 1,240 to 3,000 tonnes a year, French ambassador Jean-Claude Fortuit said Wednesday. The United States' choice to head the World Bank said Tuesday that he thinks a global trade deal is still possible and he would like to work with the World Trade Organization to help salvage the talks. A US support group for victims of predator priests slammed the Vatican for allegedly seeking to shift blame for the now global child sex abuse scandal away from the church. It won't be out on DVD and VHS for another seven weeks but ``Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone'' appears to already be well on its way to becoming the biggest home video seller of all time. Italy will be looking to end their disappointing Six Nations campaign on a high note when they host France at the Flaminio stadium here on Saturday. For the second time this year, a patient initially diagnosed with a rare and deadly form of drug-resistant tuberculosis turns out to have a less dangerous strain, hospital officials said Thursday. OPEC members agreed Tuesday to continue pumping oil at current levels of production but braced for softer crude prices as Iraq showed a willingness to resume its suspended oil shipments. The Protestant Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) leader, David Trimble, Saturday narrowly survived a challenge from critics within his party to his policy on power- sharing with Sinn Fein.
t2434 The first scheduled Royal Jordanian Airways flight to use Israeli airspace flew over the country en route to Europe on Friday, civil aviation officials said. A Milan judge on Wednesday indicted four international banks on charges related to the 2003 failure of the Parmalat dairy empire -- Europe's largest corporate bankruptcy. Kyrgyzstan's ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev on Thursday formally submitted a request to resign, a spokesman for the interim government that swept to power after protests said. By now, the case of the $3 million cup of coffee is securely lodged as Exhibit A in the minds of those who believe the American legal system has run amok. India's first Formula One racing driver Narain Karthikeyan admitted he was disappointed with his lap and his overnight grid position after clocking only the 17th best time in opening qualifying for Sunday's Malaysian Grand Prix. In hideous detail, the case of Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick, who pleaded not guilty Thursday to federal charges related to dogfighting, has given Americans an unobstructed view of a criminal underworld. This savage pastime is America's most criminalized form of animal cruelty -- banned in 50 states, a Aaron Boone had the second two-homer game of his career and Brady Clark added a three-run shot Thursday as the Cincinnati Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7-1 and avoided a four-game sweep. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak Wednesday evening called an urgent meeting with military and security advisors to discuss the situation following a fresh escalation of the Israeli-Palestinian clashes.
t1003 The IAAF sent an SOS to Kenyan star Moses Kiptanui here on Monday after World and Olympic 100m champion Linford Christie mysteriously quit this week's World Indoor Athletics Championships. After a poor result in a first round of parliamentary elections, France's Socialists sought to limit the damage Monday, chasing alliances in the face of a likely crushing victory by President Nicolas Sarkozy's conservatives in the final round. Kyrgyzstan's toppled president Kurmanbek Bakiyev Tuesday offered to resign for the first time since he was ousted in protests, but only if he received security guarantees from his foes. I was looking, the other day, at the blurbs on the back of a paperback reprint of a book I had written a few years ago. There were five blurbs, all giving the name of the reviewer and of the newspaper or magazine in which the review appeared. ``A A US Coast Guard ship carrying more than 4.3 tons of cocaine seized off the coast of Colombia will arrive in Florida Thursday, officials said. Quietly closing out the flap over a state-owned Arab company's attempt to take over operations at some U.S. port facilities, Congress on Wednesday sent to President Bush legislation requiring greater scrutiny of foreign investment in the United States. James M. Kennedy, executive director of product planning for the online Wall Street Journal and a former AP executive, is returning to the news cooperative as director of strategic planning. Martin was elected as the 156th holder of the post on Monday night after seeing his rivals defeated one by one in Commons votes.
t494 New Zealand's Otago played with confidence to outclass South Africa's Western Province 33-21 in their Super 10 rugby union match here Saturday. A six-hour battle between police and Taliban left 20 suspected militants and two policemen dead in northwestern Afghanistan, a provincial police chief said Sunday. US oil firm ConocoPhillips said Monday it was selling its nine-percent stake in Canada's Syncrude to Chinese oil giant Sinopec for 4.65 billion dollars. In a discovery that could provide new perspective on how insects evolved and interact, a German entomologist has identified a new order of insects _ the first finding of its kind in 87 years. Austria Telekom raised net profit by 69 percent in 2004 to 227.3 million euros (302 million dollars) from 134.2 million euros in 2003, the company said on Wednesday. There might be a lot of reasons why rapper 50 Cent delayed the release of his third album to early September. Former New York Giants player Jeremiah Parker tried to hide signs that he abused his girlfriend's 4-year-old son, prosecutors said. A high-level Chinese military delegation headed by Chi Haotian, vice chairman of the Central Military Commission of China and defense minister, arrived here Sunday for a five-day official good-will visit to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
t4294 Israeli air force chief Herzl Bodinger is scheduled to visit India this month for talks on tie-ups with the Indian air force on its ambitious modernisation projects, officials said Wednesday. North Korea warned Friday it might increase its "self-defense deterrent," a term the communist nation usually employs for its nuclear program, even as its key condition for nuclear disarmament was being met. Three Italian charity workers who were arrested in Afghanistan and accused of plotting to kill a governor have been freed, the UN's representative in the country said on Sunday. Imagine a language that can't be written. Hundreds of thousands of people speak it, but they have no way to read a newspaper or study a schoolbook in the language they use all day long. Pope John Paul II is not expected to have to return to hospital, the doctor in charge of his medical team said Tuesday, countering speculation that the pontiff's health had worsened significantly. Dreaming that you're still on vacation? This book won't ease your return to reality. "Key West: A Tropical Lifestyle" by Leslie Linsley (Monacelli Press, $45) takes the reader inside 22 cottages on the southernmost point of the Florida Keys. The most famous boy in Cuba, 7-year-old Elian Gonzalez, made a rare public appearance Tuesday at the closing ceremony of a meeting of the island's communist group for schoolchildren. The annual business volume of the consulting industry in China is close to 10 billion yuan, and involves several thousand companies or institutions and at least 10,000 employees, said the official.
t2634 International Monetary Fund chief Michel Camdessus gave the go-ahead here Friday for a crucial 6.5 billion dollar IMF loan to Russia and opened up the possibility of a follow-up 19.5 billion dollar credit. Chrysler will invest $450 million (euro339 million) into its Kenosha Engine Plant so it can manufacture the company's next generation of V-6 engines. New claims for US unemployment insurance benefits unexpectedly rose last week, largely due to Easter holiday-related factors, the Labor Department said Thursday. The Bush administration has informed Moscow that Washington is curtailing many new disarmament projects because of concern about Russia's compliance with treaties banning chemical and biological weapons, according to senior administration officials. Fullback Ben Blair contributed 28 points as Otago Highlanders of New Zealand overwhelmed Coastal Sharks of South Africa 43-7 in the Super 12 on Saturday. Former senator Fred Thompson got a big home-state boost on the way to raising $3.4 million in June in preparation for a bid for the GOP presidential nomination. Almost half the money raised came from Tennessee donors -- $1.67 million from 789 donors. Gov. Mike Huckabee on Thursday commuted the 21-day state prison sentence pending for Whitewater figure David Hale on a state insurance conviction. The U.S. economy operated at a moderate pace in September and early October, when competitive pressure prevented companies from passing on sharp energy price hikes to consumers, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday.
t2902 Maharashtra and Gujarat are India's two most industrialised states, and a drubbing for the Congress in either is expected to cause major problems for Rao, who is also the party chief. Both states went to the polls last month. A Marine lieutenant accused of failing to investigate the killings of 24 civilians in Iraq was discharged from active duty, meaning he cannot be prosecuted under military law, his attorney told The Associated Press on Wednesday. The Marines insisted he remains on active duty. Dallas locked up the second seed in the NBA's Western Conference Wednesday as they closed the regular season with a 96-89 victory over a below-strength San Antonio side. The Irish Republican Army has for a second time put a batch of weapons, ammunition and explosives from its illegal arsenal out of action, the international commission charged with guerrilla disarmament in Northern Ireland disclosed Monday. A new production of Wagner's "Parsifal" set partly in New York by German director-producer Bernd Eichinger met with boos at Berlin's Staatsoper opera house late Saturday. President Bush signed a law Sunday expanding the powers of spy agencies to carry out wiretap activities in the United States without a court warrant. San Quentin State Prison, the forbidding, 149-year-old stone fortress that is home to California's death row, may have served its time. Zambian President Frederick Chiluba Friday called on the whole society to help the orphans numbering more than 700,000 in the country.
t6370 Nine US Army instructors made errors in judgment that led to the deaths of four soldiers during training last month and will face disciplinary action, their commander said Wednesday. Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in the Croatian capital Sunday for a one-day meeting of Balkan leaders to discuss the region's energy concerns. Poland's liberal presidential contender Bronislaw Komorowski outpaced Jaroslaw Kaczynski -- the bereaved twin of the late president -- by 20 percent Tuesday in a poll ahead of a June 20 vote. San Fernando Valley residents and others joined in a National Day of Prayer on Thursday with a Christian service in Porter Ranch, an interfaith service in Encino and a secular event at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley. The trial of a man charged with trying to bribe a Singaporean defence official for one of Europe's biggest aerospace firms will be held behind closed doors, a judge ruled Monday. "The life of men depends on God -- and on your collaboration," Father Christian Federico von Wernich once advised an inmate before betraying the prisoner's trust, according to testimony. Colin Montgomerie watched, putter in hand on the 14th green, as Fred Couples dealt with the sand deep inside a greenside bunker. Iran has planned to set up a clinic in Jordan for the treatment of Palestinians injured in uprising against Israel, an official said on Tuesday.
t2248 Wall Street share prices remained practically unchanged Thursday, thanks to a more stable dollar as investors took advantage of the calm to adjust their positions ahead of Friday's publication of US jobless figures for February. The U.S. dollar was trading at 121.64 yen at 8:50 a.m. Wednesday (2350 GMT Tuesday), down from 121.82 yen late Tuesday in New York. Landslides triggered by pounding rain in Rio de Janeiro last week killed at least 246 people, officials said Tuesday, as access to the city's eight-decade- old Christ statue was cut off for the first time. The nation's two most powerful newspapers _ and without question the two most hidebound to tradition _ are getting a little squishier. The risk of fresh landslides was impeding rescue workers in efforts to find 15 people still buried in their homes a day after a wall of mud hit a mountain village in northeastern Turkey, officials said Friday. No fewer than four Audi employees escorted the 2008 Audi R8 to the Los Angeles Times' garage a few weeks ago, a veritable task force of handlers to introduce me to the company's new six-figure, mid-engine supercar. Once they arrived, there wasn't much for them to do but stand Two Marsalis brothers took their performance in honor of Uncle Sam well into the wee hours on the Fourth of July. China's top legislature today passed draft amendments to two laws on foreign-funded firms in a move to make the country's laws consistent with principles of the market economy, rules of the World Trade Organization (WTO), and the commitments China has made during its negotiation for a WTO membership.
t9947 The Shanghai-based China Foreign Exchange Trading Centre is planning to experiment with forward transactions but no date has been set yet, an official said on Friday. France pressed Monday for international financing of a new, enlarged peacekeeping force for Darfur, and decried the world's lack of action on the crisis there. "Silence is killing," said President Nicolas Sarkozy. Veteran Australian fast bowler Brett Lee has been ruled out of the World Twenty20 in the West Indies after straining an arm muscle during a warm-up match, officials said Wednesday. Even as the last of the big Internet-only grocers, Webvan, was closing last spring, traditional grocery chains were snooping around the Web. The conventional grocers were convinced that they had spotted shards of a rational business in what was, for their Internet counterparts, a spectacular failure. Syria is holding more than 2,000 political prisoners but the number of arbitrary arrests fell in 2004, an independent human rights group said in its latest annual report. Created by the Kremlin just last year and anticipating a bright future, the political party Fair Russia was designed to be the junior partner in a "two-party system" in which everyone pledges fealty to President Vladimir Putin. But with Dec. 2 parliamentary elections imminent, the Kremlin's creation is suddenly Saddened by the first death in the wave of massive anti-globalization protests, leaders of the world's leading industrial countries were facing the prospect Saturday that a bitter wrangle over global warming could further spoil their protest-marred summit. China will hold the third Agro- Foodtech Expo from April 24 to 26 in 2001, according to a press conference held Thursday by the China Council for The Promotion of International Trade.
t4867 Italy's lower house of parliament Wednesday narrowly approved the government's mini-budget of 20.800 trillion lire (12.5 billion dollars), parliament Speaker Irene Pivetti announced. With Hamas forces threatening his life, 49-year-old Abdel Salam Abu Nada took a harrowing journey to safety, dodging Hamas checkpoints, braving Israeli tank fire and crawling 300 meters to Gaza's border with Israel. Thai security forces swooped on central Bangkok Monday wielding weapons and razor wire to block "Red Shirt" protesters from taking their anti-government campaign to the capital's financial hub. One day after the Rangers cleaned out their lockers, Glen Sather, the president and general manager, announced what was inevitable from the moment the team was eliminated from playoff contention for a franchise-record-tying fifth consecutive season: Coach Ron Low's contract will not be renewed. US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, on a visit here Wednesday, expressed concern about Venezuela's decision to buy 100,000 AK-47 rifles from Russia. Finalizing the instructions that will be presented to the jury, Superior Court Judge Larry Paul Fidler concluded Wednesday that the evidence presented at trial did not allow the 12 men and women deciding Spector's fate to consider a lesser charge of voluntary or involuntary manslaughter. The Greek Orthodox Church accused Israel of meddling in the election of its patriarch in the Holy Land on Wednesday, after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's government tried to disqualify five candidates. Guangdong Province in south China is to hold its second consultative conference on economic development at which foreign advisers to the provincial governor will offer their advice.
t7803 Scientists at London's Natural History Museum have found the first recorded specimen of a bright green South American fossilised bee in a five-million-year-old piece of amber, the museum said Friday. Police said they smashed an international drug-smuggling ring after an international sting operation led to the arrest of two smugglers in northern Greece and the confiscation of nearly a quarter-million euros' (US$328,000) worth of opium early Thursday. Unlike some of Haiti's painters, it took Raymond Beauduy two months to return to work after January's quake. He needed to time to think about what had happened, and he needed a roof over his head. Six weeks into the latest phase of the Microsoft antitrust trial _ including three closely watched days of testimony by Bill Gates last week _ legal pundits say the likely outcome of the long-running case is still anything but clear. Two people were killed, including a French national, Thursday in a bomb attack in one of Cairo's main tourist areas that wounded 18 others, the interior ministry said in a statement. Vittorio Cavallo crouched in his vineyard on a terraced slope overlooking the sea. He was shaded by a thick canopy of vines, plump bunches of grapes hanging like mini-chandeliers. In a couple of days, he and his family would launch the vendemmia -- the harvest. Mexican President Vicente Fox outlined what he wants from a migration agreement Tuesday: legalization for undocumented immigrants in the United States and easier access to higher education and drivers' licenses. Top two seeds Tim Henman and Dominik Hrbaty powered their way into the final of the Brighton Open on Saturday.
t4624 Bosnian Croats have imposed a 20 percent tax on all goods entering or leaving the republic, a levy which has cost the Bosnian government 1.5 million German marks (one million dollars) over the past few days, Bosnian television said Wednesday. Two Russian cosmonauts began to get crucial computers up and running, four days after they crashed at the international space station and curbed the outpost's ability to orient itself and produce oxygen. The United States summoned a senior Syrian diplomat Monday over his country's "provocative behavior" linked to a possible arms transfer to Hezbollah, the State Department said. A congressional challenge is being mounted to President Bush's peculiar decision last November to erect barriers to the release of presidential records that Congress had specifically legislated into the public domain. Ryan Giggs' future at Manchester United is set to be decided at talks this summer aimed at resolving a dispute over the length of a new contract. More than 25 million toys have been recalled in the United States in the past nine months, involving such well-known brands as Mattel and Hasbro and affecting such popular toys as Thomas the Tank Engine and Dora the Explorer. Hazards include lead and magnets that can be fatal when Curt Schilling was scratched as the National League's starting pitcher in Tuesday night's All-Star game and was replaced by former Mariners star Randy Johnson. Citing injury or illness, five women tennis players decided to skip the season-ending 2 million US dollars Chase Championships, with Amelie Mauresmo of France becoming the latest absentee on Friday.
t6660 Pakistan's customs authorities said Tuesday they had seized 4,040 kilograms (8,888 pounds) of hashish from a truck and arrested two men, in one of the biggest drug hauls in the country. Wall Street eked out small gains Tuesday, as investors found solace in declining Treasury yields but remained subdued after Best Buy Co.'s lackluster profit forecast and a drop in new home construction. Japanese share prices opened higher Wednesday, with the benchmark Nikkei-225 index gaining 131.11 points, or 1.20 percent, to 11,031.79 in the first few minutes of trading. The former President of Finland, Martti Ahtisaari, was named on Monday to head a U.N. fact-finding team to look into Israel's military assault on the Palestinian refugee camp in Jenin. A warden from a Cambodian prison has died in a Vietnam hospital from injuries he received after being taken hostage by dozens of inmates who attempted to escape last week, police said Sunday. A multimillion-dollar human smuggling enterprise is bringing thousands of Cubans to the U.S. on high-powered speed boats at a price of up to $10,000 a head, and the flourishing business has increased the number of Cubans illegally entering the U.S. by double-digit percentages in each of the p ast A New York Times investigation into overseas ballots that helped George W. Bush win the presidency found that Florida election officials, facing intense GOP pressure to accept military votes, counted hundreds of overseas absentee ballots that failed to comply with state election laws. Chinese chief negotiator Liu Jiang Tuesday urged for concrete international cooperation in reducing greenhouse gas emissions so as to roll back global warming.
t9914 Two Turkish travel agencies were firebombed overnight to Friday, police reported, in the latest in a series of attacks that has swept Germany. Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah was to arrive in Warsaw Monday for two days of talks with Poland's leaders on bolstering economic ties and fighting organized crime. The first US offshore wind farm project planned near the coast of Massachusetts won government approval Wednesday after nearly a decade of battles involving environmentalists, Indian tribes and others. Fewer people attended the simulcast of the Kentucky Derby at Lone Star Park at Grand Prairie than last year, but all of the track's other numbers were up this year. Two civilian United Nations employees in the Democratic Republic of Congo have been suspended after police found 13 women in one of their apartments in the capital Kinshasa, UN officials said Monday. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of Defense for health affairs from 2001 until April 2007, joined Logistics Health Inc. as a director and consultant in June. The firm beat out two other bidders with proposals that ranged from $80 million to $100 million less, records show. Under the new contract, Jason Schmidt pitched one-hit ball for seven scoreless innings as the Pittsburgh Pirates ended an 11-game losing streak against the St. Louis Cardinals with a 4-1 victory Friday night. Top issues on the agenda concern key internal reforms to facilitate EU expansion. Leaders are discussing the size of the European Commission, reforming the Council of Ministers voting mechanism, and re-weighting council votes.
t8288 Leeds warmed up for their rugby league Challenge Cup semi-final against Featherstone next Saturday with a 30-10 victory over Bradford on Sunday. The win consolidated second place in the English Championship first division. By some measures, Elfriede Jelinek's world is small. The reclusive Nobel literature laureate cloisters herself inside her homes in Vienna and Munich, Germany, and rarely ventures out in public. Thailand's embattled prime minister vowed to clear Bangkok's commercial heart of anti-government Red Shirt protesters as he appeared on television Sunday in a show of unity with his army chief. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Tuesday, April 30, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. This budget contains most of our technology stories for the week. Indian shares are seen trading lower next week ahead of earnings from blue-chip software firm, Infosys Technologies, which analysts said Friday would set a near-term direction for the market. Dorothy's ruby slippers. Kermit the Frog. Archie Bunker's chair. As the curator of the Smithsonian National Museum of American History's entertainment collection, Dwight Blocker Bowers oversees some of the institution's signature items. But right now, weaving through a maze of metal cabinets in a storage room in the depths Rapper ODB, who pleaded guilty in April to drug charges, was sentenced Wednesday to 2 to 4 years in prison. The Lockerbie trial court on Wednesday rejected a "no case" motion from the defense, dismissing charges against one of the two Libyans accused.
t6551 Russia on Tuesday called for the withdrawal of Turkish troops from northern Iraq once their operation to wipe out Kurdish separatist bases is completed. A new Israeli public relations effort wants the country known less for its conflict with the Palestinians or for its myriad holy sites than for its beautiful women in uniform. Six teams have been forced to pull out of the bowls World Cup, which begins in Australia Thursday, after competitors were grounded by Europe's aviation shutdown, officials said. Cee-Lo is a proud church boy who made his professional debut in a rap group, occasionally could pass for a punk rocker and on his solo debut, in stores today, sings a lot of old soul. Terri Schiavo drew closer to death Saturday as a judge rejected a last-ditch appeal by her parents to keep the brain-damaged woman alive against the wishes of her husband and the US courts. A Los Angeles Times article about Emmy night fashions said Portia de Rossi wore a vintage Azzaro gown by Vanessa Seward. The gown is from the current season. New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton arrived in Puerto Rico on Saturday to visit environmental activist Robert F. Kennedy and a New York labor leader jailed for protests against Navy bombing on Vieques island. Southwest China's Guizhou Province invested 16.5 billion yuan in fixed assets in the first three quarters of this year, up 48 percent over the same period last year.
t5573 In a discovery that sounds like a drinkers' dream and shows clouds can have a silver lining, British and American astronomers have found a mass of pure alcohol bigger than our entire solar system. A stalled process to dismantle Pyongyang's nuclear programs could resume within weeks now that a dispute over the transfer of North Korean funds is over, U.S. nuclear envoy Christopher Hill said Monday. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir's National Congress Party and the southern former rebel Sudan People's Liberation Movement agreed on Tuesday to accept the results of last week's election, the vice president said. Risa Edelstein was tired of her job in high-tech sales and marketing. Tired of colleagues whipping out Palm Pilots at staff meetings. Tired of working 12-hour days. Tired of market booms and busts. France could open the capital in its energy group Electricite de France (EDF) toward the end of the year if market conditions are favorable, Finance Minister Thierry Breton said Thursday. A Washington Post article incorrectly said that Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, was in line to become the ranking Republican on the Veterans' Affairs Committee. Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., is in line for that position. Murkowski is in line to move up in seniority on the Energy and Natural Resources The West Wing of the White House was partially evacuated for about an hour Thursday after a car parked on the driveway nearby raised suspicions. Authorities checked for explosives and found none, and the building was reopened. Wal-Mart, the world's number one retail company, will open its biggest chain store in Dalian, a coastal city in northeast China's Liaoning Province.
t5071 Leading first-round scores here on Thursday in the first round of the 1.2 million-dollar Nestle Invitational golf tournament (USA unless stated): The U.S. envoy to North Korean nuclear disarmament talks said Sunday that a working-level delegation from the U.N. nuclear watchdog will leave for the isolated communist country soon, a news report said. Japanese auto giant Toyota was expected to sign legal documents Monday, agreeing to pay the US government a record fine of nearly 16.4 million dollars for concealing gas pedal defects. ATLANTA - Pakistan's former prime minister said the Sept. 11 attack on America may have been prevented had she remained in power in the Islamic republic. Archives compiled on the German ex-chancellor Helmut Kohl by the former East German Stasi secret police will be accessible for the first time on Thursday, officials said Wednesday. Negotiations on a power-sharing arrangement between Pakistan's president, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, and former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto appeared to stall on Friday, with officials expressing doubt that a deal could be reached. A group led by a New York businessman who owns minor league baseball and hockey teams in Texas has emerged as a sixth bidder for the Boston Red Sox. The European Union (EU) is ready to propose an EU-wide test for "mad cow" disease for all bovines over a certain age in a bid to alleviate fears among European consumers, the European Commission said Monday.
t4953 Lord Lovat, the prominent Scottish aristocrat famous for his role as head of a World War II commando brigade in the allied D-Day invasion 50 years ago, died Thursday at the age of 83, his family said. Ruth Graham retained her beauty even in death and surely "had a great reception in heaven," an ailing Billy Graham told mourners who gathered to remember his beloved wife. Iran has hanged four convicted drug traffickers and a rapist in a prison in the southern city of Kerman, the ISNA news agency reported on Monday. These business stories for release Wednesday, April 17, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Arab leaders steered clear of the region's most contentious issues, wrapping up a summit here Wednesday with a re-hashed Middle East peace plan that Israel and Palestinian militant groups swiftly rejected. The final text of the long-anticipated law, the drafting of which first began in 1994, was not immediately released. But recent versions have included practices common in U.S. and European antitrust regimes, such as bans on companies colluding to raise prices and abusing dominant market positions. Restrictions on so-called The economy and religious freedom in Hong Kong were on the agenda for President Bush's meeting Wednesday with the embattled chief executive of the Chinese-ruled territory. Russian President Vladimir Putin left Moscow for Ulan Bator Monday morning for his first visit to Mongolia before attending a coming APEC forum in Brunei, a south-eastern Asian country.
t8065 A suspected British drug trafficker who escaped from prison in southwest France was caught by police on Saturday less than 30 hours after he climbed to freedom using a rope ladder. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Thursday that extending deployments of U.S. troops now in Iraq beyond the current 15 months was a "worst-case scenario" and that he did not anticipate it happening. Eurozone nations are taking the necessary steps to be able to deliver "swift assistance" to their debt-laden partner Greece, EU president Herman Van Rompuy said Saturday. Mayor Willie Brown is campaigning again, but this time hizzoner is trying to persuade biotech executives to vote with their checkbooks by moving their firms to San Francisco. The British government pledged a support package Friday worth 40 million pounds (58.3 million euros, 74.7 million dollars) to MG Rover's suppliers following the collapse of talks with a proposed Chinese partner aimed at saving 6,100 jobs at the carmaker's central England factory. Scientists said Thursday they have extracted a ton of rock from deep inside California's San Andreas Fault, the first time anyone has collected samples from a geologically active fault zone where earthquakes are spawned. After his heart rate began dropping, one of the septuplets born last week was put back on a ventilator. But the doctor overseeing the babies' care said he was not alarmed. LG Electronics Co. and Royal Philips Electronics have agreed to set up a 50:50 cathode ray tube (CRT) joint venture in the first half of next year.
t4508 The Armenian parliament has set legislative elections for July 5 and decided on parliamentary reforms including the creation of a National Assembly to replace the present Supreme Soviet, officials said Wednesday. A Philadelphia man said he got quite a surprise when he sat down to eat a side of green beans, only to find a snake head had come out of the can. President Dmitry Medvedev on Sunday left Moscow for Krakow by air to attend the funeral of Polish counterpart Lech Kaczynski, the Kremlin said, despite the Iceland volcano travel disruptions. Medical descriptions of a severely deformed human body are elaborate and explicit in ``The Elephant Man,'' Bernard Pomerance's biographical drama from 1979. But in the coolly staged, warmly acted revival of the play that opened Sunday night at the Royale Theater, the most vivid anatomy lesson occurs when an Oil prices fell in Asian trade Wednesday but continued worries over US gasoline supplies kept prices above 55 US dollars a barrel, dealers said. A Los Angeles Times article on new treatments for Crohn's disease said the experimental drug Cimzia needed to be taken only every other month. It is taken every four weeks. Nick Price birdied the first playoff hole and he and partner Mark Calcavecchia beat Brad Faxon and Gary Player in the CVS Charity Classic on Tuesday. A three-day business portion of the Third China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition ended Thursday in Zhuhai, a port city in south China's Guangdong Province. The exhibition will be open to the public tomorrow.
t8939 The mayor of Bari, two ex-government ministers and several other big local names were among 40 people arrested in an early morning swoop on suspects in a corruption racket linking the Mafia and the local health sector, officials said. It is not just trendy to be environmental, it is easy. So says a new book that features everyday tips for greener living, plus advice from celebs -- from Jennifer Aniston to Owen Wilson -- who have already gone green. Another two of 14 Serbian football fans on trial for the murder of a French supporter of a rival team pleaded not guilty Monday, taking to five those who claim they did not take part in the attack. You probably never heard of ``Breaking News'' unless you were visiting this space last summer when I was deploring the fact that TNT, the cable channel whose ironic slogan is ``We Know Drama,'' paid about 20 million bucks for 13 episodes of ``Breaking News'' and then decided not to Latin America is set to see another year of strong growth unless the US or Chinese economies change course, but the upbeat figures have not managed to cut poverty, the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) said Sunday. In Tuesday night's season premiere of PBS's "Frontline," titled "Cheney's Law," writer- director- producer Michael Kirk and producer- reporter Jim Gilmore spell it out right up front: For 30 years, Dick Cheney has dedicated himself to expanding the power of the presidency, at the cost of just about everything Did you hear about the little old lady who tried to sell six ``Producers'' tickets to folks in line at the half-price ticket booth in Times Square? The growth in the number of AIDS cases among Brazilian women is three times higher than men, the Health Ministry of Brazil said on Friday.
t9432 A five-year old boy who was infected with the AIDS virus at birth has apparently fought off the infection in what could be the first carefully documented case of someone overcoming AIDS. The Israeli Cabinet on Sunday approved the release of frozen tax funds to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in a step to bolster the moderate Palestinian leader against the Islamic militant group Hamas, Israel Radio reported. UN chief Ban Ki-moon renewed his backing for the US push for indirect Israeli- Palestinian peace talks, in a telephone conversation with US envoy George Mitchell, his press office said Tuesday. Ismith Khan, an American writer and teacher whose tales of his native West Indies drew generations of readers, died on April 24 in Brooklyn. He was 77 and lived in the Park Slope section of Brooklyn. New Zealand share prices closed 0.21 percent lower in quiet trade Monday as concerns over the economy kept investors on the sidelines, dealers said. Iran announced the resignation of its chief nuclear negotiator Ali Larijani on Saturday, a sign of deepening internal divisions on the eve of critical international talks about its nuclear program. Tanice Hamilton yanked at the black bandanna hiding the cornrows under her helmet. Teammates slapped her shoulder pads as she lined up at middle linebacker. At the snap, Hamilton threw her body into the line, absorbing punishment as she hunted for the ball carrier. In the first official response to Pakistan's announcement that it would exercise "maximum restraint" along the line of control in Kashmir, a foreign office spokesman said here that New Delhi did not find anything "substantially different" from what Islamabad had said earlier.
t8324 The disqualifications meant that Finland's Mika Hakkinen in a McLaren- Mercedes was placed second and Frenchman Jean Alesi in the second Ferrari was third. U.S. envoy Christopher Hill was wrapping up a surprise trip to North Korea on Friday, amid optimism that the visit heralds renewed progress in international efforts to denuclearize the communist country. The World Bank's 186 members agreed on Sunday to a capital increase of 5.1 billion dollars to fund increased lending in the wake of the global economic crisis. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it Turkey ought to scrap a decade-old policy of viewing any extension of Greek territorial waters as cause for war, in a bid to further improve ties, Turkish parliament speaker Bulent Arinc said in comments published Friday that were swiftly welcomed in Athens. Who says President Bush doesn't take tough questions? Real estate agent Gerry Beane had a friend get in line at 4 a.m. one day last week to make sure he got into a first-come, first-served event at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Lancaster, Pa. And then he Smoke billowing from a nearby building triggered panic in an Indian school on Wednesday, and two girls were killed and 50 others injured in the ensuing stampede. The Philippine government declared Wednesday a unilateral suspension of military operations (SOMO) against the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) during Ramadan, a month-long holy observance of fasting and cleansing by Moslems.
t1070 The prospects for peace in Sri Lanka dimmed Monday when President Chandrika Kumaratunga accused Tamil Tiger guerrillas of rejecting foreign mediation to end a protracted ethnic war. Chess champion Garry Kasparov and allies in Russia's most vocal opposition movement were set to hold their latest showdown with President Vladimir Putin's government Monday, keeping up its frequent protests with a demonstration in central Moscow. The child sex abuse scandal scorching the Catholic Church worsened Tuesday with lawmakers, doctors and gay activists slamming an attempt by the Vatican to shift the blame for the pedophilia to homosexual priests. Ralph Nader has a variety of job descriptions. Consumer advocate and environmental watchdog are his two most frequent identifying references. Enemies have called him a ``gadfly,'' a ``muckraker,'' a ``prosecutorial zealot'' and a ``tiresome scold.'' Marriage break-ups come as a surprise to most men, who still rate their wives very highly in the year before their divorce, a new study has found. First, Kashmir's movie theaters became military bunkers. Then the popular sports stadium was converted into housing for the Indian army. Libraries and intellectual salons stopped holding workshops and discussions; Sufi concerts and sitar lessons were canceled. Young people were told to stay indoors. A U.S. Marine has been charged in the deaths of three Dutch Marines who were killed when a van he was driving ran off a road and into a ditch. "Over the past 50 years, we have always remembered the immortal historic merits by the older generation proletarian revolutionaries and the China People's Volunteers," the Chinese president said.
t4266 Japan's Toshiba Corp. said Wednesday it was introducing what it called the world's smallest flat panel display for 24-centimeter (9.5-inch) screens used in increasingly compact computers. For citizen Jacques Chirac, the legal clock is ticking: At midnight Saturday, the former French leader officially loses his presidential immunity, and could face investigators' questions -- or worse. Poland reopened six airports and airspace over the centre and north as of 4:00 pm (1400 GMT) Sunday until further notice, the national air navigation agency said. Darren Star, one of television's top writer-producers and the creator of ``Sex and the City,'' ``Beverly Hills, 90210,'' and ``Melrose Place,'' has dismissed Michael Ovitz's company, the Artists Management Group. The loss is another blow to the company, which lost Robin Williams earlier in the week. An outbreak of haemorrhagic fever that has claimed the lives of 96 people in northern Angola has been caused by the Marburg virus, Angola's deputy health minister said Tuesday. Democratic leaders in Congress had planned to use August recess to raise the heat on Republicans to break with President Bush on the Iraq war. Instead, Democrats have been forced to recalibrate their own message in the face of recent positive signs on the security front, increasingly focusing their Seeking to atone for a wartime massacre of Jewish villagers blamed for decades on Nazi troops, Poland's president formally admitted at a ceremony Tuesday that Poles carried out the killings and asked for forgiveness. Stock prices tumbled in Tokyo Thursday, hit by overnight declines on Wall Street and confusion in the U.S. presidential election.
t5877 The bodies of two Palestinians killed while making a bomb were found Sunday near Jenin in the north of the occupied West Bank, Israeli police said. The parents of a boy punished for violating his Virginia middle school's no-touching policy by hugging his girlfriend in the cafeteria are asking the school board to review the rule. Almost 15 years after the wars in former Yugoslavia, the Serbian and Croatian presidents are leading a new push towards reconciliation in the conflict-scarred Balkans. With honor-roll students coming home with spikes in their tongues, rings in their lips and studs in their navels, body piercing has become a rite of passage for even the most mainstream American teens. Kyrgyz deputies Friday appointed opposition leader Kurmanbek Bakiyev as both acting president and prime minister amid widespread looting in the capital following the collapse of the Central Asian nation's ruling regime. Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton announced Monday night that she will return $850,000 in campaign donations solicited by Norman Hsu, severing ties with a top fundraiser who was jailed last week after attempting to flee from criminal charges in California. Mark DeRosa, taking over at shortstop for Atlanta with injured Rafael Furcal out for the season, drove in the winning run with an eighth-inning single as the Braves beat the Baltimore Orioles 6-5 Thursday night. Officials in charge of eliminating meat and bone meal from animal feed said that a government decree is being prepared in this regard.
t1053 Winner added: "Athletes like Sally Gunnell and Colin Jackson told us they would not be coming months ago and that's cricket, but this is extremely discouraging after raising the hopes of so many watchers and lovers of athletics." A meeting between a senior Iranian envoy and a top official of the International Atomic Energy Agency was abruptly canceled on Monday and diplomats faulted Iran's refusal to make good on a promise to provide answers about past atomic activities. A landmark summit in Washington agreed Tuesday to lock up the world's most vulnerable nuclear materials within four years to prevent terrorists from setting off a global "catastrophe." Texas has never lacked historic heroes. The biggest problem has always been just which ones belong at the top of the list. The defenders of the Alamo _ Jim Bowie, William Barret Travis and Davy Crockett _ rank high. Stephen F. Austin is among the candidates as well. China's explosive economic growth coupled with mainland business managers' lack of corporate experience has multinationals scrambling to fill top posts amid a dearth of qualified executives, industry experts say. Presidents come and go, as do parties, issues, wars, crises and even movie critics, but for the longest time, one thing in Washington was as solid as the pillars at Treasury: This was Petey Greene's town. He stayed, he lasted, he endured, and only death moved him along. Ralph Stocks rose Monday, lifted by some better than expected economic news showing consumers are still spending and that manufacturing activity, while weak, appears to be stabilizing. All 75 people aboard a Russian plane, which crashed into a mountain in Georgia Wednesday evening, have died, the Itar-Tass news agency said in a latest report.
t4015 President Bill Clinton is poised to sign an executive order Tuesday on a highly-criticized US oil sale to Iran, White House spokesman Michael McCurry said. A roadside bomb and shootings killed seven Thai soldiers Friday in one of the deadliest attacks on security forces this year in Thailand's restive south, amid tightened security on a key anniversary of a 15th Century Islamic sultanate. Britain has extended a ban on most flights in its airspace until at least 1:00 am (0000 GMT) on Sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, air authorities said. CANTERBURY, N.H._ In a small gray cottage at the end of a lane in this tiny town, Dudley Laufman is calling a dance. With a dozen or so musicians _ playing fiddle, banjo, guitar _ sitting on the sides of a small ``ballroom,'' and about 20 people lined up Some fifty ethnic Serb refugees, whose return is key for Croatia to join the EU, on Tuesday regained their homes they had fled during the war, the UN refugee agency said. Rescue teams including about 2,000 soldiers rushed Saturday to a flooded coal mine in eastern China, where 181 miners were trapped and feared dead after severe rains breached a levee and inundated the site. Northwest Airlines has reached a $1.73 billion agreement with Bombardier Aerospace to lease 75 regional jets beginning next year and continuing into 2005, the companies said Monday. East African environmentalists have warned that unregulated introduction of exotic fish species into Lake Victoria and other fresh water bodies is threatening the survival of indigenous species, Uganda's New Vision daily reported Wednesday.
t4756 Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui is expected to next month announce a new policy toward China to hasten a rapprochement, a report said Thursday. Fourth-seed Tomas Berdych reached the Gerry Weber Open final for the second straight year Saturday with a 7-6 (5), 6-4 win against Jarkko Nieminen. The White House Monday cast doubt on Iran's claims that it had picked sites for new enrichment plants, saying Tehran's rhetoric did not always match the reality of its nuclear program. Modernism has often been unkind to the late paintings of its greatest pioneers. Once disengaged from its engine of incessant progress, they have often ceased to exist. Since only a few continued to innovate over the long haul _ Cezanne, Monet and Mondrian _ the story of Modernism is Malaysia's central bank said Wednesday a prolonged downturn in the global semiconductor industry, high oil prices and rising interest rates could push economic growth to as low as five percent this year. Two years ago this week, and ever since, a Republican president, a Democratic governor and a Democratic mayor all have seemed to be competing for the prize of "most incompetent." Also, let's just say it and get it out of the way: During the hurricane, and in its aftermath, Tropical Storm Trami moved closer toward Taiwan on Wednesday, prompting officials to raise a cyclone warning in southeastern Taiwan while canceling flights to one city and two outlying islands. The ninth summit of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) opened here Sunday to discuss a host of issues with an aim to promote Islamic peace and development.
t1906 Prime Minister Edouard Balladur said Wednesday that everything had to be subordinated to defending the stability of the French franc, and called for an end to the current turmoil on world money markets. Iran's judiciary said Tuesday it will decide within days whether to indict or free four Iranian-Americans charged with endangering national security in a case that has heightened bitterness between the rival nations. Spanish police announced Wednesday the seizure of 1.4 tonnes of cocaine discovered hidden in cases of bananas shipped to Spain from Ecuador. President Bush urged the Senate on Thursday to vote by April 22 to broaden his authority to negotiate trade agreements. Shares in Malaysia's stock exchange rose sharply on debut Friday as institutional funds snapped up the stock, generating interest in an otherwise weaker broader market, analysts said. Agustin Aguayo served eight months in a military prison after refusing to serve a second tour in Iraq, but the former U.S. Army medic received a hero's welcome Sunday from antiwar activists in Los Angeles. The Fourth of July for Americans anywhere in the world is a time for flying the flag, not lying low. The convict, named Innocent Agonche, was caught red-handed at Addis Ababa international airport last year while trying to transit 1,139.91 grams of heroin.
t858 China's eastern metropolis Shanghai is the country's best developed city for foreign investment, according to the results of a China Industry and Commerce Association survey published Monday. Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt is to tender his government's resignation Monday, one day after general elections in which conservatives -- led by Christian Democrats -- dealt his Socialist-Liberal coalition a stunning defeat. The Afghan government in Kandahar on Monday accused NATO troops of opening fire on a bus, killing four civilians, including women and a child, and wounding around a dozen others. Coastal rain will accompany low pressure moving north along the East Coast on Monday. On the northwest edge of this storm, snow will fall in the mountains of New England. Drier air will quickly filter into the Middle Atlantic states in the wake of this low, bringing partly cloudy The African Union (AU) said on Wednesday it requires at least 6,000 troops to deploy in the troubled eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) to disarm Rwandan rebels operating there. In an era of flavored, sparkling and distilled water, the liquid that gushes forth from the ordinary household tap is often overlooked. Many Americans go through the trouble of schlepping unwieldy packages home from the grocery store, or popping into a Starbucks to plunk down a few dollars for Tokyo stocks declined slightly in early trading Monday amid fresh signs that Japan's economy is deteriorating. The dollar was higher against the yen. The central government also solicited opinions from a wide range of circles before the huge Three Gorges Project on the Yangtze River was launched, and a hearing was held last month on adjusting telecommunication charges and fees was more evidence.
t7179 Surveillance flights over northern Iraq by a US-led coalition resumed Thursday after being suspended for three days because of Turkey's massive operation against Kurdish bases in the region, a US spokesman said. Cherished photographs of a 4-year-old British girl who vanished from a hotel room in Portugal's Algarve region were snatched by a pickpocket in London, a British newspaper reported Wednesday. Ratings agency Moody's on Thursday downgraded beleaguered automaker Toyota, saying uncertainty over "product quality" following mass recalls raised questions over its profitability. Facing a delicate balancing act, President Bush meets Thursday with Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah, hoping to build support for Mideast peace efforts and mend a potentially dangerous rift in U.S.-Arab relations. Maldivian President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom thanked India Monday for its help in the aftermath of December's tsunami tragedy which killed 82 people in the island nation. Chefs have always had the challenge of staying one step ahead of their customers. In years past, this pushed them to improve the variety and quality of their ingredients (think Alice Waters) and, later, to employ more dazzling cooking techniques (think Ferran Adria and Jose Andres). As America's consumption Government-controlled natural gas giant Gazprom has agreed to sell some of its shares in the Echo of Moscow radio station to a commentator for the broadcaster, a deal expected to limit state influence over the station. South African mining giant AngloGold will open the world's first museum dedicated to African gold in Cape Town next April.
t1668 A suspected Russian Mafia leader sought by police in the United States has been arrested in Italy, it was announced here Wednesday. Anti-terror agents hunted for more suspects Tuesday in an Indonesian region where alleged militants were arrested days ago, authorities said, declining to say whether those detained included the country's most wanted man. Condemnation from gay groups and the French government forced the Vatican into damage control Wednesday over remarks by the pope's right-hand man linking paedophilia to homosexuality. Abiomed Inc. of Danvers, Mass. said it would slow clinical trials of its self-contained artificial heart, but said the delay in testing wouldn't affect its timetable to seek approval of its revolutionary device next year. President George W. Bush on Thursday met the sisters and fiance of a murdered Belfast man, after snubbing the head of Sinn Fein, while the White House said criminal violence remain an obstacle to long term peace in Ireland. Boy, can that 380-pound woman bust a move! Oh, wait, of course, that's no distaff Leviathan shimmying her way down a Baltimore byway. That's the lithe-even-in-latex John Travolta, portraying economy-size Edna Turnblad in a genially peppy new movie version of the musical ``Hairspray.'' Though rubbery mountains of artificial flesh The dollar was mixed against other major currencies in light New York trading ahead of the Independence Day holiday. Financial markets will be closed Wednesday and reopen Thursday. The 93 members in different groups, respectively led by Saw Keekok, Shwe Ni, Phado Saw Jalay Oo and Saw Mogyo, "exchanged arms for peace" in the country's southern Tanintharyi division between September 1 and October 20.
t2614 Sporadic gunfire was heard Friday as Indian soldiers closed in on a shrine suspected to be occupied by hundreds of Kashmiri Moslem militants, witnesses and officials here said. Deutsche Telekom AG and union negotiators resumed talks Wednesday over the company's plan to transfer workers to a new services unit and cut pay, but the union continued a monthlong strike. Russia on Thursday confirmed it had suspended adoptions by US citizens following a scandal over a seven-year-old boy who was sent back to Russia by his US adoptive mother. A bitter battle is raging between John J. Legere, Global Crossing's chief executive, and high-ranking executives at its prized subsidiary, Asia Global Crossing. The hostility could make it harder for the companies to work together as Global Crossing struggles to find a buyer or to emerge intact from bankruptcy, British police have detained a Spanish national accused of involvement in the Madrid bombings under a European arrest warrant issued by the Spanish authorities, police sources said Saturday. It has become a Capitol Hill ritual: A few senators, always including the New York Democrat Charles E. Schumer, introduce a bill to punish China if its leaders do not raise the value of the nation's currency. Photos are taken, news releases are issued, but nothing really happens. Annika Sorenstam cried when she was told Thursday morning that Ely Callaway had died of cancer. Stephen Ames stared wide-eyed in disbelief when he heard the news. Others simply marveled at the legacy the golf club pioneer left behind. A technical fault is believed to have caused a helicopter crash on Monday night that killed seven policemen and a detainee, police sources said Tuesday.
t189 Champions Queensland successfully launched the defence of their Super Ten rugby title with a first-up 24-6 victory over Canterbury of New Zealand here Friday night. Taiwan-born Steve Chen, co-founder of wildly popular video sharing Web site YouTube, said Saturday consumers in many parts of the world will be able to access the site on mobile phones by next year. Relatives of plane crash victims were set to arrive Sunday in Moscow, officials said, amid efforts to identify the bodies of 96 people killed when Polish President Lech Kaczynski's jet crashed in Russia. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com A United Nations team investigating the killing of former Lebanese premier Rafiq Hariri in a February 14 bomb blast has completed its probe, officials said on Tuesday. After the sound checks, in-between the room service and before the groupies attacked, Andy Summers, the guitarist of the Police, used to sneak off into deserted America with a black Leica tucked under his arm. He'd spend hours alone wandering through Seattle, Albuquerque, Fresno -- hiding in the shadows Kentucky junior forward Marquis Estill agreed to relinquish his scholarship in order to bring the Wildcats to the NCAA limit. The 24-year-old, the Paralympic shot put champion and silver- medalist for discus throw at the Atlanta Games in 1996, scored a throw of 42.19 meters on her second attempt. It was 3.53 meters farther than the eventual silver medal winner Lisa Banta from the United States.
t3456 Prices of British manufactured products rose by 0.3 percent in February, compared with a revised monthly hike of 1.0 percent in January, official data showed on Monday. The Israeli army, responding to Palestinian reports that an Israeli tank shell killed five Gaza children, denies its forces fired at the area. The trial of British bishop Richard Williamson for Holocaust denial began here Friday in his absence as an ultra-conservative Catholic group ordered the cleric not to testify. Since Casino Windsor opened its doors in 1993, its greatest asset has been that its slot machines, card tables and 23-story hotel are very close to the United States without being part of it. Jordan on Monday tried to tone down a diplomatic crisis with Iraq that has led to the recall of the two countries' top diplomats, saying Amman wanted good ties with its neighbour. NASA said Sunday that tile damage to the shuttle Endeavour was as deep as feared, adding that the space agency will decide in the next 48 hours whether to send an astronaut out to fix it. Chris Brown scored in second-half injury time, as the Kansas City Wizards beat New England 2-1 Saturday night, snapping the Revolution's five-game unbeaten streak. The Ministry of Information Industry issued today a regulation on administration of internet broadcasting bulletin system (BBS), saying that all BBS users should be responsible for their released information.
t6341 The United States is looking to boost trade and investment in Chile, Argentina and Brazil, Commerce Secretary Ron Brown said Monday in advance of a Latin American trip. Vietnam has decided to waive entry visa requirements for ethnic Vietnamese holding foreign passports, officials and state controlled media reported Tuesday. A Turkish soldier was killed and another wounded Wednesday in a landmine explosion close to the border with Iraq in the country's southeast, the Anatolia news agency reported. ARCADIA, Calif. - Winning a Grade I race for the first time can sometimes leave an owner searching for words to describe the euphoria. That was the case for Leonard Scofield on Sunday at Santa Anita. Five people were trampled to death and 40 injured in a crush of spectators after Friday evening's World Cup qualifier between Iran and Japan, the state news agency IRNA reported Saturday. You'd think after Enron, folks would have gotten wise to the old shell game of moving assets and liabilities to off-balance-sheet investment vehicles, where no one can tell what the risks really are. Think again. Failed online grocer Webvan Group Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Friday, setting the stage for the sale of its remaining assets. In a effort to eliminate illegal hemp farming in Nepal, police have been destroying hemp farms worth millions of U.S. dollars in districts close to the Nepal-India border, according to reports reaching here Sunday.
t7671 US Vice President Al Gore on Friday announced a 65 million dollars aid package for the Palestinians as he met PLO leader Yasser Arafat in the self-rule enclave of Jericho. Closing ranks against Hamas, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has invited the Israeli, Palestinian and Jordanian leaders to a peace summit next week, Palestinian officials said Thursday. Europe's main stock markets rose Friday after Greece asked for activation of an EU-IMF financial rescue package to help the nation cope with its burgeoning debts. Midway through Lucinda Williams' concert Thursday night at the Wiltern Theatre, some idiot, clearly not in complete possession of all of his senses, screamed, ``Show some (bleeping) intensity.'' The US Air Force's jet fighter programs -- the F/A-22 and the Joint Strike Fighter -- are beset by soaring costs, development delays and changing world threats that raise questions about their viability, Congress's investigative arm said Wednesday. Over the last three years, two U.S. nuclear weapons experts quietly have crisscrossed the globe, racing to secure bomb- grade uranium before terrorists can lay their hands on a single kilogram. Gustavo Kuerten beat Andrew Ilie of Australia 6-1, 6-2 at the Mercedes Cup on Tuesday, his first match since winning the French Open more than a month ago. The U.N. World Food Program (WFP) has agreed to continue food assistance to Bhutanese refugees living in eastern Nepal, the Nepali foreign ministry said Saturday.
t7155 The dollar and most European currencies fell against the mark which was once again in strong demand early on Thursday in reaction to a worsening of the US trade deficit on Wednesday. Serbia's sports ministry appealed to fans to stop racist abuse during the under-21 European Championship semifinals against Belgium on Wednesday. Greece's deficit for 2009 has rocketed to 13.6 percent of gross domestic product, with yet another half percentage point rise likely, the European Union data agency said on Thursday. What do weddings, the Super Bowl, presidential inaugurations, graduation ceremonies and political rallies like those that took place in Washington last week have in common? With steam pouringanting heavily, and dribbling from his mouth, Heryong swiftly turns sideways and frees its locked horns to lunge at the flank of Bumyong. Writing a glitzy, prime-time soap opera isn't as easy as it looks. For starters, it's difficult to invent characters who can top the shenanigans committed in any given week by certain pop stars or heiresses to hotel fortunes. And then there's the sympathy factor: How do you make viewers One of the authors of a Japanese middle-school textbook accused South Korea of ``narrow-minded nationalism'' for complaining that the book glosses over Japan's wartime aggression. Roughly 9 percent of online households in the United States now use some form of broadband for Internet access, a U.S. high-tech market research firm reported Wednesday.
t1278 Thieves are increasingly attacking foreign tourists in Ho Chi Minh City but police are powerless to act because of manpower shortages, a newspaper report said Tuesday. The risk of atomic warfare may grow in coming decades as the nuclear club expands and the world's top military powers develop new missiles and warheads with smaller yields, a Swedish research institute said Monday. Barcelona's Spanish international midfielder Andres Iniesta will be out for up to a month after he suffered a tear to his right calf muscle during training, the club said Tuesday. By now you've probably heard about the e-mail tax. That's the government's plan to make up for slumping revenue at the US Postal Service by levying a tax on our billions of e-mail messages. Thai share prices closed flat Thursday in lackluster trade as investors kept to the sidelines and eyed surging world oil prices, analysts said. The Harry Potter movie series keeps working box-office magic for Warner Bros. -- thanks not to sorcery but to a loyal fan base and careful, consistent management of the franchise. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham broke ground Monday on a coal-fired power plant that some say will increase pollution in the Appalachian Mountains. A plane of the Tunisian Defense Ministry landed at Gaza international airport Thursday, carrying medical supplies and other humanitarian goods for the Palestinian people.
t7403 The Club of Paris rescheduled some Nicaraguan foreign debt in an amount of 770 million dollars and cancelled 450 million, the club of sovereign creditors announced on Thursday, a day after a meeting with Nicaraguan representatives. A surge in Treasury yields rattled Wall Street Wednesday, forcing stocks to give up early gains and drive down the Dow Jones industrial average more than 140 points. Thailand's army and anti-government protesters made tentative peace overtures on Friday, seeking to avoid further violence, as governments around the world called for a negotiated resolution. Sixty Muslim clerics issue a fatwa calling on Arab governments to mobilize for war against Israel. Students in Cairo raise placards that read: Bush(plus)Sharon(equals)Axis of Evil. A posh Damascus restaurant kicks out the American consul. Belarus authorities have arrested a Russian citizen suspected of having taken part in two deadly hostage takings carried out by Chechen separatist fighters, Belarus' first television channel reported late Monday. Like children and neo-conservatives, a good war action thriller wants the face of evil to be unambiguous and clearly defined. If we're not seeing a lot of these films set in Iraq at the moment, it may be because it's a little problematic sorting out the good guys from President Bush, ignoring pleas from Cuban-American supporters, refused Monday to allow Americans to sue people or companies who now control properties confiscated from the Americans in Cuba. Bush said he hopes the step will encourage a movement toward democracy on the island. The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) and Switzerland-Sweden ABB Ltd. signed here Friday an agreement on cooperation in the modernization of electric power projects in the DPRK.
t1540 The Italian Senate Tuesday overwhelmingly approved a supplementary budget presented by Prime Minister Lamberto Dini to cut the government's budget deficit. The family that owns the key stake in Australia's Multiplex building group has backed a US$6.1 billion (euro4.57 billion) takeover offer from Canadian property manager Brookfield Asset Management Inc. A fierce gunbattle broke out early Tuesday between Islamic Jihad fighters and the Israeli army in the Gaza Strip, witnesses and the radical Palestinian group said. During the 36 hours that her daughter, Amy, was missing, one moment stands out as the most emotional for Anne Erickson: when the mother of Tim Lopez, another missing teen-ager, walked through the door, offering to help. US Senator Jim Bunning, a Major League Baseball pitcher for 17 years, said records set by steroid-aided players should be stricken and called for lifetime bans on doping cheats here Thursday. The board of Dow Jones &amp; Co. late Tuesday agreed to sell the company to Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. for $5 billion in cash and stock, pending the approval of the family that has controlled the newspaper for more than 100 years. Mordecai Richler, a Canadian author and essayist known for ``The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz'' and other novels on Jewish life in Montreal, has died at age 70. Indonesian Foreign Minister Alwi Shihab said here Friday Indonesia welcomed participation of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in the ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF), hoping such a move would help to create a lasting peace in the Korean Peninsula.
t9700 Jordan's appeal court Thursday rejected 11 death penalties and other verdicts passed by a security court against Islamist veterans of the Afghan war in connection with bombings and planned murders. It might have been 80 degrees (27 Celsius) outside but it was snowing inside Ford's Theatre, where President George W. Bush attended a taping of a television holiday program. Hong Kong's market regulator said Tuesday it was looking to take the unprecedented step of banning a New York-based hedge fund from dealing in the city, amid claims of insider trading. This time, the Celtics left nothing to chance. Unlike other deciding playoff games between Eastern Conference foes, this one wasn't close. On its third try, Boston Friday night closed out its first-round series against Philadelphia in resounding fashion. Postseason growing pains? With a 120-87 victory over the 76ers, the Several thousand Togolese opposition demonstrators rallied Monday in the capital in protest at the handling of a previous march in which one person was shot dead, ahead of this month's presidential poll. If, given the notorious stranglehold of special interests on Sacramento, the state capital, you are rolling your eyes and saying, "Give up. It's hopeless," hold on a moment. There is a road map that can lead to a better future for Californians. Here it is: After a yearlong battle, the Senate confirmed Roger Gregory on Friday as the first black federal appeals court judge in the district that represents a higher percentage of minorities than any other in the nation. China commended personnel and groups that have made great contributions to family planning at a ceremony held at the Great Hall of the People Wednesday.
t3666 Britain's Labour opposition, seeking an image more prone to victory in the next general elections, Monday set the stage for a major revision of the Marxist precepts on which it was founded early in the century. Orleans Parish district attorney Eddie Jordan on Thursday asked the judge presiding over the trial of seven police officers in the post-Hurrican Katrina shooting deaths of two men to take himself off the case. Reigning champion John Higgins avoided the embarrassment of a first round exit at the World Championship with a hard-fought 10-6 win over Barry Hawkins at the Crucible Theatre on Saturday. With just over a week remaining before the L.A. Avengers open their third Arena League football season, the team has not decided on its starting quarterback and are six players over the 24-player roster limit. Michael Jackson's child sex trial took another dramatic turn Monday when the embattled star shuffled into court late, only to be led out again apparently ill and weeping. Under his immigration plan, Rudy Giuliani would allow most of the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States to stay, work and even become citizens, provisions that GOP hardliners blast as ``amnesty.'' As the ball dropped into the cup, Scott Hoch raised his putter in triumph and tilted his head back in relief, a wide smile lighting up his face. Vietnamese President Tran Duc Luong and Prime Minister Phan Van Khai expressed the hope in their separate meetings with visiting Indian Foreign Minister Jaswant Singh here Tuesday.
t3927 The increasingly bitter fishing dispute between the European Union and Canada escalated further Tuesday with Spain reintroducing visa requirements for visiting Canadians. Money at the heart of a dispute that caused North Korea to delay its nuclear disarmament was finally making its way Friday to the communist nation after months of delay. Tens of thousands of mourners massed in a historic Warsaw square on Saturday for a public memorial service for president Lech Kaczynski and the 95 others killed in an air crash a week ago. Unable to reach agreement on the future of plutonium shipments, South Carolina's governor and the federal Department of Energy threatened each other on Thursday with a showdown over the processing of nuclear waste that the government says is vital to national security. Indonesian share prices closed flat Tuesday on profit-taking in smaller stocks, while an extended rebound in market movers Telkom and Indosat limited declines, dealers said. It's hard to think Julie Delpy without thinking relationships. ``Before Sunrise,'' that 1995 talkathon through a single Vienna night co-starring Ethan Hawke, defined first-date romance for the cerebral Gen-X'er. Its 2004 sequel, ``Before Sunset'' (Delpy co-wrote), caught up with the will-they-or-won't-they couple nine years later in Paris as they The reattached arm of an 8-year-old boy attacked by a shark is healing well but he may have suffered brain damage because he lost so much blood, a doctor said Monday. France tried to appease Turkey on Wednesday after the French Senate voted to recognize the 1915 Armenian genocide by the Ottoman Turkish army.
t6296 West Indies batsman Keith Arthurton was left out of the 13-man first Test squad to take on Australia here on Monday as the selectors opted for youth. There is little sign of the police at bustling Zhengzhou train station in central China, where people traffickers are believed to have abducted slave workers, some mere boys, for hard labor in brick kilns. Rescuers were searching Wednesday in the Gulf of Mexico for 11 or 12 workers who went missing in an overnight oil rig explosion. Trading card publisher Kingsley Barham insists he wants to tastefully remember victims of the Sept. 11 terror attacks by selling their photos and brief stories of their lives. South Korea on Saturday welcomed Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's call for a summit with President Roh Moo-Hyun to heal a dispute over a cluster of islets claimed by both sides. The effects of the Parkinson's disease with which he was diagnosed about seven years ago are "growing significantly," Hartman (who also goes by "Father Tom") said this week. America's second surviving set of septuplets _ five boys and two girls _ were in critical condition Friday at a Washington hospital, where doctors described them as tiny but perfectly formed and ``beautiful.'' JOHANNESBURG, November 19 (Xinhua) -- Botswana's President Festus Mogae on Sunday urged businessmen in the country to join the fight against the Aids pandemic.
t447 Malawi has called for a trade pact with Maputo to formalise the largely unrecorded transactions over the years of war in neighbouring Mozambique. Israel's central bank chief, Stanley Fischer, was standing in a Cyprus airport when an Israeli recognized him. The traveler wanted to pick Fischer's brain on a pressing economic issue. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak agreed in talks with US President Barack Obama Monday that the global community should send a "clear signal" to Iran over its controversial nuclear program. As reporters arrived at Osceola County Stadium to query Jimy Williams about his new team this spring, the Astros' manager pleaded for patience as he got to know his club. He found it difficult to offer opinions about the Astros after spending the previous five seasons in the American British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw lamented Wednesday that Croatia has not cooperated fully with prosecutors seeking a key warcrimes suspect, saying Zagreb cannot therefore start EU accession talks. Certain things are immediately apparent about the six human skulls lined up on the metal cabinet in a back room of Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Lindsay Davenport used yet another straight-set victory Saturday to move closer to regaining the Wimbledon championship she lost last year to Venus Williams. Chittagong, Bangladesh's largest sea port, was hit by a day-long political shutdown Sunday in protest against the arrest of an opposition leader.
t8935 Eighty-eight Filipinas were preparing Tuesday to fly home on board a Philippine military aircraft ordered to evacuate domestic maids after a compatriot was hanged here, a Filipino official said Tuesday. NATO forces killed about 80 insurgents in two battles in Afghanistan, including about 60 insurgents killed along the border with Pakistan, NATO officials said Saturday. A 10-day strike by some 3,000 paper mill workers that has already cost the industry some 50 million euros could spread to six more plants and another 2,800 workers Monday evening, the union said. The Teamsters union filed a lawsuit Wednesday to stop a White House plan to allow Mexican trucks on U.S. highways, claiming the vehicles will ``dramatically increase'' U.S. air pollution. While there appears to be no clear favourite to succeed Pope John Paul II as the Roman Catholic Church's 264th leader, a number of cardinals are believed to have the calibre, charisma and political clout to prevail at a conclave of their peers. Events leading to the meeting actually began last year when the American College of Chest Physicians wrote stern guidelines calling for restricted use of over-the-counter pediatric cough and cold medications. The European Court of Human Rights on Thursday dropped its request to delay Ira Einhorn's extradition, clearing the way for the convicted murderer to be sent home to the United States. A ceremony was held Friday for the issuance of Baoshan Steel Complex Education Award, the largest annual educational award sponsored by a large enterprise in China.
t297 South Korea's President Kim Young-Sam was quoted here Friday as saying he expected his country to formally apply for OECD membership within the next several weeks. Police say 186 ethnic minority Tamils expelled from Sri Lanka's capital two days ago returned to the city on government buses. Three Italian charity workers were among nine people arrested in southern Afghanistan over what officials said was a plan to assassinate a provincial governor. What parent at some point hasn't wanted to throttle Barney the purple dinosaur after one of his insipid sing-alongs? ``Death to Smoochy'' gives free rein to that impulse with an unsparingly dark, nasty satire of children's television. Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian condemned as a "law of aggression" Wednesday anti-secession legislation that China enacted this week, and repeated a call for one million people to march in protest. Argentine President Nestor Kirchner will not seek re-election in October, but his wife, Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner, will run for the office, according to news reports published Sunday. The Louisiana Supreme Court ruled Friday that Juan ``Short Dog'' Smith was properly convicted and sentenced to death for killing NFL player Bennie Thompson's toddler son, his ex-wife, and her fiance. The Ebola death toll in Gulu district in northern Uganda has risen to 51 with four new deaths reported in the past 24 hours, Ugandan Health Ministry said on Sunday.
t756 Informal talks with British, French and German defense ministers visiting US military bases have bolstered the White House's view on the importance of NATO, Defense Secretary William Perry said Sunday. Voters resoundingly endorsed President Nicolas Sarkozy's plans to overhaul France's economy, giving his party a commanding lead on Sunday in the first round of elections for parliament, according to preliminary official results. Switzerland is looking into the possibility of imposing punitive taxes on big banks if they take high risks, Swiss newspaper Tages-Anzeiger said Monday. President Bush said Saturday that he held Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, personally responsible for the waves of suicide bombings in Israel, and strongly sided with the Israeli government even while warning that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon should temper military action so that he can keep open a ``path Two Afghan farmers were wounded Wednesday when a clash erupted during a police campaign to eradicate opium poppy crops in the eastern province of Nangarhar, police said. Southern California Edison Co. and Ford Motor Co. were expected to announce a partnership early this week that will include a multimillion-dollar test of plug-in hybrids. Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt met rebel leaders Sunday to express his support for efforts to end Congo's civil war, but failed to get them to agree to withdraw from the country's third-largest city. The Commonwealth observer group for the upcoming general elections in Zanzibar has pledged to make an impartial judgment of the elections, saying it will observe the polls in accordance with the laws of the land and without interfering in the electoral process.
t1107 A high point of the Green Party of Britain's annual conference here Monday was an hour-long workshop in how to hug a woman without being an insensitive dork. U.S. President George W. Bush urged Libya on Monday to free five Bulgarian nurses who face the death penalty for allegedly deliberately infecting children with HIV -- charges the medics contend were based on confessions obtained through torture. President Barack Obama visits Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Thursday to deliver a "major space policy speech" outlining the new future for US space exploration, NASA officials say. A new process now undergoing final testing may rid donated blood of virtually all viruses and bacteria, bringing a new level of safety to blood transfusions. Australia, New Zealand and India should be excluded from a first East Asia Summit to be held in Kuala Lumpur in December, Malaysia's Deputy Prime Minister Najib Razak said Thursday President Bush's nominee for surgeon general sought to distance himself Thursday from his controversial 1991 paper on homosexuality and health, saying it was not a scientific study and that many issues it raised are outdated. Slobodan Milosevic conferred with a lawyer for more than two hours Monday on the eve of a scheduled court appearance to answer charges that he was responsible for murders and expulsions of Kosovo Albanians. The Philippine Department of National Defense will become the country's first government agency to procure equipment, starting from Thursday, for the military through an open and transparent system via the Internet, the government said Wednesday.
t364 Rain has delayed the start of play on the first day of the centenary cricket test match between New Zealand and South Africa at Eden Park here Saturday. A mother who admitted swinging her 4-week-old son like a bat to hit her boyfriend, fracturing the infant's skull, wants to withdrew her guilty plea. The dollar fell against the euro Monday on news of a eurozone safety net for Greece but losses were limited by fears that other members of the eurozone could now face heavy financial pressure. Ayala wouldn't name his sparring partner, but hinted that his opponent is ``a seasoned fighter'' and that ``he's had a few wins over me in the younger days.'' China's fixed asset investment grew 24.5 percent to 422.2 billion yuan (50.9 billion US) in the first two months of the year, data showed Wednesday, fuelling fears that the economy is still growing too quickly. As Capital One Financial Chief Executive Richard Fairbank faced a gathering of investors several weeks ago, there was no avoiding the fact that the company had lost momentum. Gary Sheffield hit the decisive homer for the second straight night but the Los Angeles Dodgers lost starter Darren Dreifort to a sprained right elbow in a 7-5 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night. Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said Saturday the Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) should have a limit to the issues to be discussed in the future.
t2175 Five people were killed in southwest Iran when mines laid during the 1980-1988 war against Iraq exploded, the official news agency IRNA reported Thursday. Antioch College, a school known for social activism and for a policy on sex that was ridiculed as overly politically correct, will close in 2008 because of a lack of money and will try to find enough funds to reopen four years later, the school said Tuesday. Ten million Hindu pilgrims and hundreds of ash-covered, naked holy men began streaming into the holy waters of the river Ganges on Wednesday at the world's biggest religious festival. Britain's Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, a figure beloved for her courage and common touch, died in her sleep on March 30. At age 101, she was an endearing symbol of royal tradition whose popularity transcended both age and class. Her funeral will be held April 9 at Westminster The Palestinian Authority will ask next week's Arab summit to approve 440 million dollars to build housing for Palestinians whose homes were demolished by Israel during the four-year intifada, the Palestinian economy minister said here Friday. A patient in a gene therapy experiment died on Tuesday in what appears to have been a reaction to a novel treatment for arthritis, federal health officials said late Thursday. A blaze on a fireworks barge off the coast of this resort city Wednesday night launched exploding shells into the air for about 30 minutes after the finale of a Fourth of July display. Following are the standings of the English Premier League soccer standings after Sunday's matches (tabulated under games played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against and points):
t7096 An earthquake registering 4.6 on the Richter scale shook Tokyo and other parts of eastern Japan on Thursday, but there was no danger of tsunami tidal waves, the meteorological agency said. The final of the Heineken Cup, European rugby's premier club competition, will be held at the Millennium Stadium next year. The world's top mobile phone maker Nokia reported a jump in first-quarter profit to 349 million euros (465.6 million dollars) on Thursday, but missed market forecasts causing its shares to plunge. I thought I had my cable company, Comcast, dead to rights. In December, when Comcast was switching its high-speed Internet customers from Excite(at)Home's cable-modem service to its own, I lost access to my favorite online news sources. When I tried browsing Web addresses like www.nytimes.com, I got only error Indian share prices closed 1.05 percent higher Monday in a technical rebound after recent heavy losses took the market off record highs, dealers said. If I were to be eaten by a shark, I'm pretty sure the worst part would be not the pain or the mutilation or the actual dying and so forth, but rather the thought balloon over my head with the words, "I'm being eaten by a (expletive) shark!" Jacques Rogge, a Belgian surgeon and Olympic sailor with a squeaky-clean reputation, was elected Monday to succeed Juan Antonio Samaranch as president of the International Olympic Committee. The white paper goes on to say that with the establishment and improvement of China's socialist market economic mechanism, the state guides the development of space activities through macro- control, makes overall plans for the development of space technology, space application and space science, promotes the R&amp;D and system
t8531 A senior official of Israel's ruling Labour Party met Monday with PLO chief Yasser Arafat and said he was sure the two sides could reach a compromise on the next phase of Palestinian self-rule. Representatives of the Quartet of Middle East peacemakers will meet Tuesday in Jerusalem, a Russian envoy said Friday, according the Interfax news agency. Austrians went to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, with incumbent Heinz Fischer favoured to win a second term ahead of a controversial far-right candidate and an anti-abortionist. Robert Blake and his bodyguard -- charged in the fatal shooting of the actor's wife -- were hit with a wrongful death suit filed by the slain woman's family. Some 10,000 Catholic faithful gave a final farewell to Pope John Paul II at an open-air sunset service of remembrance Friday in Dublin's Phoenix Park. A federal judge barred the Bush administration Wednesday from launching a planned crackdown on U.S. firms that hire illegal immigrants, warning of the plan's potentially "staggering" impact on law-abiding workers and companies. Two leading Senate liberals Wednesday dismissed the Bush administration's hearings on work-related repetitive strain injuries as a sham, arguing science has already established a connection between working conditions and injuries. Sri Lanka's Power and Energy Minister Anuruddha Ratwatte and Minister of Constitutional Affairs and Industrial Development G.L. Peiris took oaths on Thursday before Prime Minister Ratnasiri Wickremanayake at his office as deputy ministers of defense and finance respectively.
t5063 Share prices opened higher on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Friday, with the Nikkei Stock Average rising 107.75 points, or 0.7 precent, to 16,463.43 in the first 15 minutes of trading. Palestinian gunmen shot and killed a suspected collaborator with Israel on Sunday as he lay on the X-ray table at a hospital in the West Bank city of Nablus, witnesses and a militant group said. An Iraqi election panel on Monday ordered a recount of ballots for the capital Baghdad following an appeal by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, a senior electoral official told AFP. Last month, WNYC-FM (93.9) announced that it was cutting five hours each weekday from its classical music programming, turning itself over more to news and talk, like its AM counterpart, WNYC-AM (820). Then on Friday, The Washington Post reported that National Public Radio was gutting ``Performance Today,'' its classical World oil prices closed at a two-week low here Wednesday after US government figures showed a large rise in US crude inventories. All 6-year-old Audrey Ashdown wanted for Christmas was an Easy-Bake Oven. She used the toy exactly once -- to bake a little cake -- before Hasbro recalled about 1 million of the ovens manufactured since May 2006. Dow Jones &amp; Co., publisher of The Wall Street Journal, plans to announce about 150 additional job cuts Thursday as part of an ongoing effort to slash costs amid a rapid decline in advertising revenues. The documents, amounting to 16,000, was a third and final batch of the whole secret actions operated by the Central Intelligence Agency on Chile's domestic affairs, recognizing its role three decades ago in destabilizing the South American nation.
t3844 Fighting between government forces and the Taliban Islamic militia raged on in hills south of the Afghan capital on Tuesday. An Atlanta attorney who sparked an international scare by traveling with an extremely drug-resistant form of tuberculosis will have surgery next month to remove infected lung tissue, hospital officials in Denver said. Astronauts aboard the space shuttle Discovery undocked from the International Space Station on Saturday ahead of their return to Earth, NASA said. Across this nation on Thursday, cities and towns were canceling their celebrations of Independence Day next week because they are afraid of terrorist attacks. One town, Hod Hasharon, said it would use the money saved to hire guards for the kindergartens. The 2005 state budget looked set to pass a key vote in the parliamentary finance committee Tuesday after Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reached an uneasy compromise with rebel MPs in his right-wing Likud party who had threatened to scupper it. To answer your question, it's even better than the first one. What this will mean for the Disney Channel, the history of musical theater, the state of cable television or the future of the world as we know it remains to be seen. But ``High School Musical 2,'' airing International envoys reported progress Monday in efforts to get Macedonia's feuding political parties to agree on a new peace plan to end an ethnic Albanian insurgency that threatens to spark a civil war. Iran and Tajikistan called Tuesday for an early end to the Afghan crisis, which the countries said poses a threat to neighboring countries, the Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA) reported.
t1078 West Indian veterans, spurred by a brilliant 113 runs by Gordon Greenidge, trounced England by 163 runs at the Brabourne stadium here Monday to sail into the Masters Cup semifinals. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will meet with his newly elected French counterpart, Nicolas Sarkozy, in Paris on June 18, an Abbas aide said Monday. Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic came face to face with the first witness in his genocide trial Tuesday, remaining combative as he heard testimony of Serb atrocities against Muslim civilians. Prosecutors do not have to show that John Walker Lindh killed--or even fired at--any U.S. citizens in order to prove that he conspired to kill Americans in Afghanistan, a federal judge said Monday. Up to 30 people were killed when a double-decker bus exploded in eastern China early Thursday, in a blast so powerful it was heard several kilometers (miles) away, state press and local officials said. What's going on with Sandra Bullock? After turning 40 and getting hitched to ``Monster Garage'' star Jesse James, the star of such comedies as ``While You Were Sleeping'' and ``Miss Congeniality'' has taken a serious -- some would say too serious -- career turn. Pete Sampras' masterful run at Wimbledon ended stunningly Monday, his bid for a record-tying eighth title stopped by teen-ager Roger Federer. Chinese scientists have started the sequencing of Chinese shrimps (Penaeus Chinensis Osbeck) in a bid to cultivate shrimps resistant to disease and increase per- unit yield.
t3292 The Argentinian government has launched an attack on drug abuse in sport aimed at athletes from 47 countries taking part in the Panamerican Games here. Hamas called on rival Fatah fighters on Thursday to surrender another key security installation in Gaza City within the hour. A Basque activist suffered serious injuries on Friday when he fell from the top of the Paris Arc de Triomphe during a protest in support of ETA militants, police said. For the first time since it was granted the power in the 1850s, the Mexican Senate on Tuesday held up the foreign travel plans of the head of state, prohibiting President Vicente Fox from visiting the United States and Canada next week. The price of shares in German pharmaceutical group Schering fell by 10.13 percent in early trading on Monday in response to a delay by the group in launching a colon cancer drug in the United States. A hormone produced in the bones appears to play a role in protecting humans and other animals from obesity and diabetes, according to a report published Friday in the journal Cell. Lebanon warned the United Nations on Saturday against giving Israel a videotape showing the scene of a kidnapping last year of three Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah guerrillas. Chinese President Jiang Zemin and his Italian counterpart, Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, on Sunday exchanged greetings on the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries.
t8759 The Nikkei Stock Average of the Tokyo Stock Exchange stood at 16,386.09 points at 2 p.m. (0500 GMT) Tuesday, up 289.84 points, or 1.5 percent. Iran's chief nuclear negotiator said Friday his country was ready to compromise on its contentious atomic program, but offered no specifics as he entered a meeting with the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency. Two top US officials will travel to Beijing next month, the Treasury Department said Monday, amid a still-rumbling row over the strength of the China's currency. UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said Tuesday he was inclined to disband a UN fact-finding team charged with investigating allegations of excessive killing and destruction in a Palestinian refugee camp after Israel decided it would not allow investigators to proceed unless certain demands were met. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has finally endorsed a 3.8 billion dollar debt waiver for Zambia after the country successfully adhered to stringent economic policies, an official said Saturday. Former Vice President Al Gore and the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, Norway, Friday for their campaigns against global warming. BATTING_RAlomar, Cleveland, .357; JGonzalez, Cleveland, .351; Suzuki, Seattle, .335; BBoone, Seattle, .330; JaGiambi, Oakland, .327; McGriff, Tampa Bay, .326; MJSweeney, Kansas City, .321. ISLAMABAD, December 1 (Xinhua) -- Pakistan Coast Guards Friday seized about one ton of fine quality Hashish in Pasni area on Mekran Coast, Balochistan Province.
t7169 Fighting between the Bosnian government army and Bosnian Serb forces continued overnight Wednesday in the Tuzla region in the northeast of the country, the Croatian news agency Hina reported. The second-ranking U.S. diplomat welcomed his Chinese counterpart to the State Department on Wednesday for two days of talks meant to ease tensions and strengthen ties between the world's strongest power and its fastest-growing upstart. Injury-plagued paceman Shoaib Akhtar said Thursday he dreams of winning the World Cup for Pakistan next year, despite a series of setbacks and scandals that have kept him out of the game. Boston's bid for the 2004 Democratic National Convention faces serious competition from Detroit and Miami, which are in battleground states, but the city benefits from an enthusiastic core of backers and a pledge of cold, hard cash, party officials say. A group of Sri Lankans who left the island illegally in a fishing boat have been found stranded in Egypt, the foreign ministry here said Monday. There is no greater fan of sweat pants in the world than Howard Schneider. The man swears by his collection of four pairs in grubby shades of navy and gray that look as if they're about my age. "Sweat pants are perfect," he tells me. Jacques Rogge, a Belgian surgeon and Olympic sailor with a squeaky-clean reputation, was elected Monday to succeed Juan Antonio Samaranch as president of the International Olympic Committee. African countries have urged the 3rd United Nations Conference on Least Developed Countries (LDCs), scheduled for May 2001 in Brussels, Belgium, to work out practical and tangible measures to help the world's most vulnerable peoples.
t5713 Finnish voters began voting Sunday in general elections to the 200-seat parliament, with polls predicting that the Social Democrats will return to power on the back of public discontent at the recession. Police shattered a global Internet pedophile ring, rescuing 31 children and rounding up more than 700 suspects worldwide, authorities said Monday. A British navy ship arrived in the northern Spanish port of Santander Tuesday to pick up troops and civilians stranded due to the volcanic ash cloud grounding flights across Europe. Microsoft delivered what it said were strong PC software results combined with a weaker corporate sales report for its third fiscal quarter in 2002, suggesting the world's largest software publisher is being held back by the stagnant economy. US mogul Donald Trump could come to the rescue of beleaguered Michael Jackson by offering the accused and cash-strapped star his own Las Vegas show, Us Weekly magazine said Thursday. As he prepares to provide Congress and the nation a progress report on Iraq this week, President Bush has sought to reframe the domestic political battle over the war, putting himself in a position to do something his critics have long advocated: Begin drawing down the huge U.S. troop The credibility of two key prosecution witnesses dominated closing arguments in the trial of an Algerian accused of plotting to bomb Los Angeles International Airport. Although it is the second snowfall in Beijing this winter, local residents were happy to see snow in the national capital this morning.
t8445 Police ended an armed siege Monday when they stormed a nightclub here, arresting three people after armed men took several people hostage earlier in the day, police said. Sporadic gunfire and occasional blasts were heard Friday from a Palestinian refugee camp in northern Lebanon, a day after Lebanon's defense minister declared that Islamic militants inside the camp were defeated and that major combat was over. US President Barack Obama has invited Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas to Washington in May in a fresh bid to relaunch Middle East peace talks, a Palestinian official said Sunday. A federal judge in Atlanta awarded $140 million in damages Monday to four men found to have been tortured and abused by a Bosnian Serb soldier as part of an ``ethnic cleansing'' campaign in the early 1990s. Amid all the tears of an epic leave-taking marked by pageantry, pomp and tolling bell, few could have been as poignant as those of a 65-year-old Polish archbishop who had been John Paul II's closest confidant for 40 years. With a Wallace MATTHEWS column on the future of Torre with the Yankees. Plus a Shaun POWELL column that asks, which was the bigger collapse: the Mets or the Yankees? Golf: GOLF-WIE -- PALM DESERT, Calif. -- The $1 million Samsung World Championship begins Thursday and Michelle Wie is Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan foresees no quick end to sluggish economic growth and signaled Wednesday that the Fed stands ready to cut interest rates for a seventh time this year. Colombia official Peace Envoy Camilo Gomez proposed the leftist rebel Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) sign a humanitarian accord to exchange soldiers and police for captured guerrillas, local press reported here Tuesday.
t3818 South Africa's new unitary rand opened at 3.6310/25 rands to the dollar Tuesday, lower than it's overnight close of 3.6155/70 but still higher than its debut opening of 3.68 Monday. When Michael Lambert was set to be executed two years ago, he agreed to let the brother of the Indiana police officer he shot more than 16 years ago watch him die. Winds blowing a massive volcanic ash cloud from Iceland could keep lashing Europe until the middle of next week, experts said Saturday, amid hints that the eruption could soon start tapering off. Their second teaming, ``Human Nature'' -- with Jonze as one of the producers this time and French videomaker Michel Gondry directing -- is another indescribably wacky ensemble comedy, but it's not nearly as absurd or as funny, and ends up being a fairly dismal followup. Labor contract renewal talks between the National Football League and its players union "have exhausted themselves and are at a dead end," NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue said here Monday. In addition to what they sell through their multimillion-dollar company, LaserMonks Inc., the monks of the Cistercian Abbey of Our Lady of Spring Bank also take e-mail prayer requests from customers and casual visitors to LaserMonks.com. It is a way for the cloistered community to reach out to the An American pilot and three Japanese passengers who were rescued from the seas off Russia's Pacific coast after their plane went down were brought to land Monday at Sakhalin Island. Ukraine and Greece signed three trade-related agreements here on Monday following discussions between Ukrainian Foreign Minister Anatoly Zlenko and Greek Foreign Minister George Papandreou.
t5499 Four civilians were seriously injured as fierce fighting continued through the night between Russian forces and Chechen separatists near here, medical sources said. Pakistani lawmakers passed a government-backed resolution Monday demanding Britain withdraw the knighthood awarded to author Salman Rushie, condemning the honor as an insult to the religious sentiments of Muslims. President Barack Obama's administration has drawn fire from both Sudan's Arab- led government and US activists with its qualified criticism of the first multi- party elections there in 24 years. The Devils opened the NHL playoffs Wednesday night without three of their top six forwards and were sent a message by the Carolina Hurricanes. Afghanistan is building up a special court to try traffickers involved in the country's 2.8-billion-dollar narcotics industry, Afghanistan's counter-narcotics czar said Thursday. The virus, called Israeli acute paralysis, may have been brought into the United States in bees imported from Australia. That importation was first permitted in 2004, about the same time that the new disease -- called Colony Collapse Disorder, or CCD -- began appearing in the U.S. Police are starting a search of vacant buildings in the nation's capital, looking for clues in the disappearance of former federal intern Chandra Levy. Food production in the country has been gradually declining for the past two decades, Kenya's Agriculture and Rural Development Minister Chris Obure has said.
t6223 The Sarin gas that turned Tokyo into a city of fear on Monday was developed by Nazi scientists and is considered 500 times more powerful than cyanide. Union leaders were studying a government counteroffer Tuesday aimed at averting a general nationwide strike that could paralyze Africa's biggest oil producer. Scandinavian airline SAS said Wednesday it expected nearly 75 percent of its scheduled flights to take off Thursday and expected "full operations" a day later. Heading into last year's U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships, James Blake had won one match while losing 10 in almost two years in the ATP. A frail Pope John Paul II appeared to pilgrims attending a solemn re-enactment of Christ's crucifixion at Rome's Colosseum late Friday, via a video link from his private chapel in the Vatican. For decades, the University of California, Irvine, has aspired to open Orange County's first top flight law school, declaring it to be the university's glaring "missing piece." The Justice Department moved Friday to speed up the Microsoft antitrust case, asking an appeals court to end the current phase and immediately send it back to a lower court to decide whether the software maker should be broken up. Australia's top-ranked female tennis star Jelena Dokic became a Yugoslav citizen on Friday, but the 17-year-old girl will keep playing for Australia for now.
t7361 Japan and Ukraine have agreed to support an indefinite extension of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), a joint statement said Thursday. Los Angeles, a city well known for its gang activity, has named an evangelical minister as its first anti-gang "czar." The White House said Friday it was "deeply alarmed" over the fate of three US hikers in Iran, after relatives said two of them had fallen into poor health and all were pondering a hunger strike. Hilda Niz opens the wire mesh door, reaches into the small wooden hutch and pulls out a fat black rabbit. India's meteorological department has warned that a close watch should be kept on the country's coastal areas for at least "six to eight" hours after Monday's Indonesian earthquake. Last week over lunch, a friend in his 30s prodded me to explain how my generation, the boomers, had botched so many things. While not exactly conceding that we had, I said that the one thing none of us had anticipated was that America would cease to be a USA Networks Inc. is acquiring a controlling interest in online travel site Expedia Inc. and launching a cable channel devoted to travel, giving media mogul Barry Diller a major foothold in the travel business. The condemnation was contained in a statement, read by the president of the 15-nation council at an open Security Council meeting.
t1526 Republican lawmakers were trying to press bills through the House of Representatives Tuesday aimed at curbing an explosion of what they say are costly, frivolous civil lawsuits. The comebacks occur too late for many of their young fans to see, and certainly too late to do much good against the San Antonio Spurs. China Eastern Airlines said Tuesday it is in talks with all the three global airline alliances after a French newspaper reported that the carrier is set to join the SkyTeam Alliance. From the first day of spring training, Jimy Williams has reminded anyone willing to listen that baseball is baseball whether it's played in New England or Texas or Ponca City. Seventeen people were buried and seven others were injured Thursday when a landslide swept through a small village in Sivas province in northeastern Turkey, officials said. Rapidly rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are driving noxious poison ivy and those annoying patches of dandelion to grow taller, lusher and more resilient, according to two new studies. President Bush called Mexican President Vicente Fox on Tuesday to congratulate Fox on his wedding and birthday a day earlier. One Palestinian was killed Friday afternoon in the West Bank city of Ramallah in the gun battle with Israeli forces, bringing to three the number of Palestinians killed Friday in the Palestinian territories.
t6844 French consumer prices rose by 0.4 percent in February on a monthly basis and by 1.7 percent over 12 months, final official figures showed on Wednesday. Motley Crue is suing one of the band's managers for more than $20 million (euro14.9 million), claiming he pushed drummer Tommy Lee into doing two disastrous reality shows that took him away from the group and forced the cancellation of dozens of concerts. Israel's prime minister reiterated on Thursday that there will be no freeze on Jewish settlements in east Jerusalem, as the US Middle East envoy arrived for talks to press the peace process. Key senators of both parties said Tuesday that a new government agency is needed to protect patients who volunteer to participate in experimental medical studies. American Bobby Julich continued his great early season form by winning the Criterium International three-stage race here Sunday after dominating the concluding time trial. Planned Parenthood used the name Gemini Office Development in applying for permits to build the $7.5 million clinic in Aurora, Ill. As recently as March, the organization used the Gemini name on a permit application and added: "Tenant is not determined ... unknown at this time." After five years in power, longer than any other Bangladeshi leader, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina left office Sunday and was replaced by a caretaker administration that will run the country until the next general election. Rescuers have found nine bodies from the rubbles of a house for the aged in the northern German city of Bremen, according to reports reaching here.
t4795 The national carriers of Israel and Jordan have united to offer joint holidays in both countries from the United States, an El Al spokesman said Thursday. One U.S. soldier was killed and three were wounded when a roadside bomb detonated near their combat patrol in southern Baghdad, the military said Saturday. Three flights carrying passengers will leave Amsterdam-Schiphol airport Monday evening for Shanghai, Dubai and New York, the Dutch transport minister announced. Hollywood's version of the king of beasts is well-established. The script calls for a great, golden-colored lion with a big, bushy mane to toss about as he roars mightily. Austria's justice ministry said Wednesday it had closed the case against Heinrich Gross, a former Nazi psychiatrist accused of killing children at a clinic in Vienna during World War II, because he suffers from dementia. From the opening line of his statement Tuesday, Sen. Larry Craig was in trouble. "Thank you all very much for coming out today," he began. Germany's inflation rate slowed to 3.1 percent in June after reaching its highest level in nearly eight years the previous month, the government said Wednesday. Following are the latest facts and figures about China's main export commodities in the first nine months of 2000, released by the General Administration of Customs:
t9838 The Pentagon implicitly rejected Thursday the idea of US participation in a multinational force in northern Iraq to watch over the Turkish- Iraqi border. Suicide bombers struck a busy hotel in central Baghdad and four other targets across Iraq on Monday, in a surge of attacks that left at least 29 people dead, authorities reported. They said a U.S.-allied tribal leader was among those killed at the Mansour Hotel. Ukraine will pay 236 dollars per 1,000 cubic metre of gas that it buys from Russia, gas giant Gazprom said Wednesday, after Moscow agreed to cut the price in exchange for Kiev's extension of a naval base lease. When the judges of New York's Court of Appeals take their seats on Monday to review a death sentence for the first time in 18 years, they will be entering a new era that could test alliances among them and may thrust them into a spotlight of controversy they Kuwaiti lawmakers Monday called on the deputy premier and state minister for cabinet affairs, Mohammad Daifallah Sharar, to quit over allegations of corruption and mismanagement. The gray dome that will be the spa-like home to a swirl of live butterflies at the National Museum of Natural History is almost complete. The Bush administration will maintain a diverse AIDS panel from the Clinton era, Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson said Friday. The Queen hailed the 100 million-pound (144 million U.S. dollar development, with its sweeping roof designed by Lord Foster, as a landmark of the millennium.
t8302 Canadian patrol boats attempted Sunday to seize a Spanish fishing vessel in international waters for the second time this month, the environmental group Greenpeace said. Little-known documents detail illegal and scandalous activities by the CIA more than 30 years ago -- wiretappings of journalists, kidnappings, warrantless searches and more. Iran's elite Revolutionary Guards on Sunday fired five shore-to-sea and sea-to- sea missiles, ending four days of war games in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and the Gulf, state media reported. Boxes and boxes of ideas are stacked up all around the offices of the Big Idea Group, three floors above the main street of this southern New Hampshire city. Thousands of mourners in mostly Orthodox Ukraine packed churches in the Catholic west of the country Friday to mark the funeral of Pope John Paul II, revered here for leading a revival of local Catholicism after the breakup of the Soviet Union. The first generation of openly gay Americans chalked up a lot of firsts -- a gay-rights march in Washington, openly gay politicians in national office and out-of-the-closet actors on sitcoms. Buoyed by success in its commercial airlines division, Boeing Co. on Wednesday posted a 35 percent increase in second-quarter earnings, beating analysts' expectations. The International Athletics Federation (IAAF) is considering to extend the Golden League to ten meetings, IAAF chief official said on Wednesday in Lausanne, Switzerland.
t9543 Turkey is willing to withdraw its troops soon from northern Iraq where they are battling Turkish Kurd separatists but only under certain conditions, a government source said here Thursday. Alessandra Ferri and Kyra Nichols, beloved ballerinas with more than a half-century of performing between them, are as different in style and temperament as they come. The euro fell further against the dollar on Tuesday on persistent concerns over Greek debt problems, with risk-averse investors also cautious ahead of a US central bank meeting, analysts said. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, MAY 3, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Britain's opposition Conservatives pledged Monday to cut billions of pounds in taxes if they win next month's elections, but not before Prime Minister Tony Blair launched a pre-emptive strike of his own. San Diego County authorities ordered 250,000 people to evacuate their homes Monday morning as wildfires raged across Southern California for another day, destroying scores of homes, clogging highways and sending smoke and ash over a wide area. Leaders of the world's largest industrial countries agreed Friday to create a $1 billion global AIDS fund and insisted that they are pursing the right policies to avert a global recession. The Foping State Nature Preserve, known as the "wildlife kingdom" in northwest China's Shaanxi Province, has launched a general survey on the giant pandas, one of the world's most endangered species.
t5216 China's inflation rate dropped below 20 percent last month for the first time since June, despite continued growth in fixed asset investment, the State Statistics Bureau (SSB) said Friday. Jamal Abu Zayda entered into Israel from Gaza early Sunday morning, leaving behind him death threats and a territory ruled by Hamas militants. Sweden's main Arlanda international airport reopened on Monday for flights to the north and west of the capital Stockholm, airport authorities said. These columns for release Thursday, April 18, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. New Zealand share prices closed 0.97 percent lower Thursday, extending losses as investors took to the sidelines ahead of the Easter holidays, dealers said. Steve Lertora, of Fort Washington, Md., had no problem renting a car in Spain using just his Maryland driver's license. He drove 1,400 miles without trouble. But while trying to return his vehicle to Euro Car, he got confused by signs around a construction site and turned the wrong On the eve of a showdown, supporters of campaign finance legislation struggled Wednesday to overcome lingering discontent among black and Hispanic Democrats and accused Republicans of plotting a last-minute bid to scuttle their bill. The China Construction Bank ( CCB) has experienced a marked growth in loans secured by overseas banks, a new business it opened in 1999.
t5678 Loren Roberts held on to a two-shot lead here Saturday as thunderstorms prevented completeion of a round in the Nestle Invitational for the second day in a row. An explosion killed two people and wounded a leader of an Islamic militant group in Lebanon's largest Palestinian refugee camp on Monday, a militant official said. The ash cloud from a volcano in Iceland that has wreaked havoc on European air traffic has significantly diminished, but eruptions continue, Icelandic experts said here Tuesday. Saturday morning dawned sunny and clear, and the kids were begging their father to take them bike riding. As they vanished from sight, I sneaked into my husband's closet. There I confronted the usual heap of graying underwear, stained ties and frayed T-shirts. Members of a presidential task force blocked the bridge between French Polynesia's capital Papeete and its main port Thursday to protest the new government's replacement of its leader. Far be it from me to start trouble, but former Tennessee Republican senator Fred Thompson, the presidential candidate who portrays himself as a conservative outsider capable of reforming Washington, is playing down his kinship with this town. Thompson may campaign as a steadfast son of the South, but he Consumers, spooked by stock market volatility and massive corporate layoffs, flocked to discounters like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and warehouse clubs during June, avoiding department stores and apparel chains. That shift to low-priced stores left many of the nation's merchants reporting disappointing sales results Thursday. BERLIN, November 16 (Xinhua) -- The following are the main reference exchange rates of the European Central Bank on Thursday.
t7345 Jacques Chirac's comfortable lead in the French presidential race has shrunk a bit, two polls indicated Thursday, a month before the first round of the election. The hagfish is a bottom feeder so repulsive it had a cameo on TV's "Fear Factor." It slimes its enemies, has rows of teeth on its tongue, and feeds on the innards of rotting fish by penetrating any orifice. The true extent of crisis club Portsmouth's financial problems was revealed when their debts were revealed to be around 120 million pounds (185 million dollars) - over 40 million pounds more than previously estimated. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. The judge in Michael Jackson's child sex trial Monday dealt a major blow to the defense by allowing prosecutors to tell jurors of five previous cases of alleged abuse by the star. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Wednesday that his concerns over insufficient oversight of private security firms in Iraq led him this week to dispatch a team to the country to investigate the issue, while also instructing commanders to tighten their controls over the armed guards. Proposals to require greater use of fuels from soybeans, corn and other crops could boost soybean prices by 3 percent over a 10-year period, the Agriculture Department says. A lama at the famous Ta'er Monastery in west China's Qinghai Province has bought a computer to aid in his artistic work.
t7215 The dollar fell to a record low point of 88.25 yen early on Thursday from 88.95 at the previous close here, dealers said. Japan has rechristened the island of Iwo Jima, site of one of World War II's most horrific battles, with its prewar name in an attempt to rectify a misnomer proliferated for a half-century by such movies as Clint Eastwood's "Letters from Iwo Jima." Thousands of furious Indonesian factory workers set fire to cars and a warehouse Thursday after an Indian company executive called them "stupid," police and media reports said. Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia is expected to tell President Bush in stark terms at their meeting on Thursday that the strategic relationship between their two countries will be threatened if Bush does not moderate his support for Israel's military policies, according to a person familiar with the Japan and Nigeria agreed Monday to work together to push for reform of the UN Security Council, on which both countries are seeking seats in an expansion, a Japanese diplomat said. A federal jury on Tuesday ordered Vonage Holdings to pay Sprint Nextel $69.5 million in damages for violating six of its patents, prompting analysts to question whether the troubled Internet-phone company could survive. Katharine Graham, who helped build The Washington Post into one of the nation's leading newspapers, was unconscious and in critical condition Monday with a head injury after tumbling on a concrete walkway. Swiss scientists have discovered a new way to detect the presence of both mad cow disease and its human equivalent, which could be the basis for a cure, Swiss Radio International reported Thursday.
t923 Close scores on the third day of the four-day cricket match between Sri Lanka and the New Zealand Academy XI here Monday: Malaysia has made its national service training program less strenuous after several trainees got lost in the jungle during an exercise last month, an official said Monday. Euro nations braced Monday for the market's verdict on a 30-billion-euro aid package for debt-ridden Greece, a massive safety net also designed to restore confidence in the single currency. Around midnight last Tuesday, a squad of 40 Mexican police officers sped into Tepito, a poor and dangerous neighborhood in Mexico City, and spent two hours searching a housing project the size of an entire city block. US President George W. Bush met Wednesday with the patriarch of the Maronite church, Nasrallah Sfeir, and reaffirmed that Syria must withdraw its troops and intelligence agents from Lebanon. Day 1 of Summer TV Press Tour 2007 and already I am an expert on duck rape. You, too, can be an expert if you watch PBS's ``What Females Want and Males Will Do'' -- one of the highlights of the ``Nature'' franchise's upcoming 26th season on the public American Village is the kind of place where many believe Okinawa's future can be found. Trendy and new, its boutiques attract crowds of tourists _ Okinawa's prime source of income _ from all over the country during the day. Chinese doctors successfully prevented a patient's leg from being amputated by pulverizing a blood clot in his femoral artery with a mini-triturator.
t967 World and Olympic 100m champion Linford Christie has withdrawn from the Indoor World Athletics Championships in Barcelona, IAAF spokesman Christopher Winner said on Monday. An explosion destroyed a hotel shop in Kenya's capital Monday morning, killing one person and injuring at least 31 others, officials said. Embattled Japanese automaker Toyota announced Tuesday it was temporarily suspending sales of the 2010 Lexus GX 460 after a respected US consumer magazine warned readers not to buy the SUV model. Vijay Singh walked up the 18th fairway like it was just another Sunday stroll along a Woodlands greenbelt, taking it all in, sharing this breezy day with the fine people of a proud, tight-knit community. At least 24 people have died in US custody in Iraq and Afghanistan because of confirmed or suspected homicides, an army spokeswoman said Wednesday. Examine susceptible plants for bagworm feeding. The newly hatched mottled caterpillars, which live in twiggy cases, can do substantial damage to evergreens such as arborvitae, junipers, cypresses and falsecypresses if found in sufficient numbers. While they are small, however, they can be controlled with a spray containing Bt, a costly manufactured goods expected to last at least three years, such as cars and washing machines _ rose by 1.2 percent, following a tiny 0.1 percent increase. That was the strongest showing since February. Three new judges have been named to lead the re-trial of Indonesian former president Soeharto in the controversial graft case surrounding a series of foundations once chaired by him, according to spokesman of the Jakarta High Prosecutor's Office.
t8456 UNITA rebels looted the UN mission at Chongoroi in Angola's central coast province of Benguela, wrecking a car and raiding a radiocommunications centre, the regional military command reported Monday. A U.S. search team is on the Japanese island of Iwo Jima looking for a cave where a Marine combat photographer who filmed the famous flag-raising 62 years ago is believed to have been killed in battle nine days later, officials told The Associated Press on Friday. US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has spoken by telephone to her Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov about the Iranian nuclear standoff, the Russian foreign ministry said Sunday. AUSTIN, Texas - Cedric Benson, the most prolific freshman running back to play at the University of Texas, faces three misdemeanor charges for marijuana and alcohol possession following his arrest over the weekend in his hometown of Midland. The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development is prepared to invest between 500 and 600 million euros (645.7-774.6 million dollars) in Ukraine this year to help improve transportation and nuclear safety, EBRD president Jean Lemierre said Friday. The shootings in Baghdad's Karada neighborhood, coming less than a month after Blackwater USA guards were accused of shooting to death as many as 17 Iraqis in the capital, brought an immediate response from Iraq's government. Camera and film maker Polaroid reported more dismal earnings Wednesday, but insisted it is making progress on its main goal of building up cash. The company said it expects to be profitable next year. Lazio's Portuguese defender Fernando Couto has been suspended for four games in Italian first division after being expelled in the Rome team's loss this weekend, the Italian soccer league announced Tuesday.
t1899 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher and his Egyptian counterpart Amr Mussa failed in an initial round of talks here Wednesday to overcome their differences over Israel's nuclear programme. The Al Aqsa TV and radio stations, allied with Hamas, came under fire from Palestinian security forces Tuesday, employees said. The African Union on Wednesday praised the conduct of Sudan's elections and stressed that they had not been marred by violence despite logistical problems. Though National Lampoon hasn't existed as a print publication since November 1998, its spirit lives on, at least as a brand name. A commercial spinoff from Harvard Lampoon, the magazine enjoyed its heyday in the early '70s, when self-indulgent hedonism went hand in hand with a radicalized social consciousness. French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said Friday he was "concerned" but not "worried" after a poll indicated for the first time that French voters could reject the EU constitution in a referendum. Contradicting an old belief, new research released Sunday found that group therapy didn't prolong the lives of women with advanced cases of breast cancer. In supremely patriotic Texas towns of Old Glory, Independence and Liberty, celebrating the Fourth of July is as much a responsibility as a holiday. State Councilor Wu Yi today urged Chinese companies to learn from developed countries to promote the development of modern logistics and e-commerce in China.
t2655 A new poll Friday put Paris mayor Jacques Chirac in the lead in both second and rounds of forthcoming presidential elections, after a week which has confirmed his position as the frontrunner. Swiss prosecutors said Wednesday they will file an appeal against a lower court verdict that acquitted all 19 top executives and consultants in the collapse of former national carrier Swissair. President Barack Obama hit back at claims the United States had stalled in Afghanistan and vowed foreign forces would not be needed "in perpetuity", in a rare Australian TV interview aired on Thursday. Opponents of the Indian Point nuclear power complex in Westchester County are taking some of their most important cues from the successful fight against the trouble-plagued Shoreham nuclear plant on Long Island. Don Nelson resigned as coach of the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday, perhaps ending the career of the second-winningest coach in National Basketball Association history. Q. What rights does a homeowner have when a homeowners association violates its own rules? In my development, you have to get approval from the HOA to make exterior changes. The bylaws say the HOA will respond within 30 days. There's a long list of consequences if a homeowner Kenny Bernstein led Top Fuel qualifying Thursday night for the Pep Boys NHRA 50th Anniversary Nationals at historic Pomona Raceway. Mozambican Education Minister Alcido Nguenha Thursday called on different strata of society to involve in the development of the education sector.
t8892 Swedish power group Vattenfall increased profits by 14 percent to a record high figure in 1994 owing mainly to an effective rationalisation programme, the group said on Tuesday. Former French President Jacques Chirac is refusing to be questioned in an investigation into an apparent smear scandal during his tenure as president, his office said Friday. France will operate a new laboratory in Afghanistan aimed at countering make- shift bombs and booby-traps, the leading killer of international troops, officials said Monday. During an otherwise routine breakfast, my husband suddenly looked over the top of Sports and said, ``Have you seen my green shoes?'' Telecom operator Verizon announced Saturday it had reached an agreement to buy Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim's 13.7 percent stake in MCI, as it struggles with rival Qwest Communications to take over MCI. Q. I have a Yucca elephantipes and need to know if I can plant it outside this fall. It's about 2 1/2 feet tall. The European Court of Human Rights on Thursday dropped its request to delay American Ira Einhorn's extradition, clearing the way for the convicted murderer to be sent home to the United States. Mexico's president-elect Vicente Fox met here Thursday with visiting Chinese Minister of Science and Technology Zhu Lilan, who is the special envoy of Chinese President Jiang Zemin.
t156 The single European currency of the future should be named the crown, the director general of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), Howard Davies said here Friday. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told leaders of his Fatah movement that a collapse of Fatah's shaky coalition with Hamas will lead to more chaos, a newspaper reported Saturday. President Viktor Yanukovych declared Monday a day of mourning in Ukraine for victims' of the plane crash that killed Polish President Lech Kaczynski, the Interfax news agency reported. The news of the demise of the 7-year-old deal, which allowed the two carriers to sell seats on each other's flights, came in a written statement from America West announcing it had been jilted by the bigger, richer carrier. Canadian transportation giant Bombardier on Tuesday launched a two billion dollar project to market a midsize airliner with up to 130 seats, taking aim at competitors Embraer, Airbus and Boeing. This month, two Afghan medical workers drove off into the hazy blue mountains that rise above this dusty provincial capital. They have not been seen since. U.S. auto sales are shaping up to finish the year slightly ahead of expectations, a General Motors Corp. executive said Friday. The gross domestic product and retail sales volume of western China increased rapidly in the first half of the year.
t3434 An alliance of two pro-Hindu parties, which defeated India's ruling Congress (I) in recent polls in Maharashtra, named their leader Monday to govern the prestigious western Indian state. A federal judge refused to order U.S. authorities to help in the search for a mentally disabled man whose family claims he was wrongly deported to Mexico. Myanmar state media urged revellers at annual water festivities to be on guard Friday after bomb blasts killed eight people at a park in the military-ruled country's biggest city. Do readers remember authors' names and their work over a long period of time? Is it a smart gamble or a cuckoo one for a publisher to bet a large sum that readers will recall with relish even a best-selling writer with a long interval between new books? There A typhoid epidemic has returned but the taps installed 15 years ago still caor emergency programmes for Medicins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders - MSF) in Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The woman stood waiting amid the lunch counter clatter at the Grand City Variety Store to confront Olympia J. Snowe. A man protesting a police shooting of a black man hit Mayor Paul Schell in the face with a megaphone during a community celebration Saturday afternoon, police said. The mayor suffered broken bones under his right eye. The Angolan ruling party's Secretary General Joao Lourenco has blamed the insufficient well- being enjoyed by the Angolan people on the long-term civil war between the government troops and the rebels led by Jonas Savimbi.
t1762 The United States will allocate 100 million dollars over 10 years to educate girls and women in Africa, Asia and Latin America, First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton announced here Wednesday. Iran will make the United States "regret" its detention of five Iranian officials in Iraq, Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said Tuesday. Oil prices rallied on Wednesday after an unexpected drop in crude stockpiles in the United States, the world's biggest energy user, dealers said. Bristol-Myers Squibb jolted Wall Street late Wednesday by saying that its sales and earnings for the first quarter and the year would be significantly lower than investors had been expecting. Three more officers in the Philippines military are being investigated for alleged corruption, the military said Friday, amid a crackdown on graft that has led to charges laid against several soldiers. A small California company is planning to mix up to 80 tons of iron particles into the Pacific Ocean 350 miles west of the Galapagos islands to see whether it can make a splash in the markets where people seek to offset their greenhouse gas emissions. Trying to close the books on an espionage debacle that rocked the FBI, the government struck a deal with ex-agent Robert Hanssen that would spare his life in exchange for a full confession detailing secrets he sold the Russians, people familiar with the case said Tuesday. Following are the standings in the women's Alpine skiing overall and giant slalom World Cup after the season's opening race on Saturday in Soelden, Austria:
t8590 Syria's Vice President Abdel Halim Khaddam held talks on the Middle East peace process Monday with the former US deputy secretary of state Richard Murphy, officials said. Deposed Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra's purchase of an English Premier League team won't solve his legal problems at home, critics said Friday, as efforts to try him on corruption charges forged ahead. Peter Josep Snep still talks at schools about the horrors he experienced at Sachsenhausen concentration camp, but 65 years after its liberation he is one of a dwindling number of survivors. It is Steve Glidden's bright personality, spiky hair, and Hawaiian shirts _ worn year-round _ that people remember. Kayla Rosenberg loved to sing in the car, at home, with friends, anywhere. Melissa Leung's smile would light up a room. Greg Chan, a soccer player and tae kwan do student, Windsor's Guildhall, where Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles are marrying on Saturday, is a handsome building but undoubtedly a touch modest for a royal wedding ceremony. "The study builds on a body of work" that initially explored whether adults were receiving appropriate medical care, said Elizabeth McGlynn of the RAND Corp. think tank. A researcher for the report, McGlynn said it is clear children do not fare as well as adults in receiving the care One House committee approved a package of energy tax cuts Wednesday for individuals and industry that is more generous than President Bush's plan, while a second panel agreed to a modest fuel efficiency boost for sport utility vehicles. Gold mine prospecting at Tanjianshan is only the beginning of large scale investment in China and will lay a solid foundation for exploitation of other resources in Qaidam, he added.
t8221 Self-styled Somali President Ali Mahdi Mohamed lashed out here on Sunday against his bitter rival General Mohamed Farah Aidid, accusing him of leading Somalia back into chaos. The Senate voted Thursday to increase fuel economy standards to 35 miles per gallon for cars and SUVs, the first significant boost demanded of automakers in nearly 20 years. Argentina superstar Manu Ginobili says he will not play for his country this summer at the world basketball championships in Turkey. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Singapore share prices are expected to get a lift next week from corporate earnings as companies start releasing their financial results for the March quarter, dealers said. In 1990, about 1 million registered foreign residents lived in Japan; by 2004, that figure had nearly doubled, to just below 2 million. Most say the actual numbers are probably higher because not all foreigners register. Ethnic Albanians signaled their willingness Wednesday to salvage peace talks after Macedonia's largest political party denounced a Western-backed proposal it says makes too many concessions to the country's Albanian minority. Indonesia's foreign exchange reserves rose by 300.9 million U.S. dollars to 28.96 billion U.S. dollars as of November 23 from the previous week, the country's central bank said Monday evening.
t4816 Former Bank of Japan governor Yasushi Mieno, summoned to parliament on Thursday, defended a botched credit union rescue plan put together by the financial ministry and the central bank. Olympic and world champion Brazil beat Canada 25-14, 20-25, 25-22, 25-17 Saturday for its eighth straight win in the World League volleyball championship. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano urged "vigilance" against violent extremists Monday as the United States marked the 15th anniversary of its deadliest domestic terror attack. Only a few months after it considered closing the 717 production line because of slow sales, The Boeing Co. has won one of its biggest orders ever for its smallest jetliner. World oil prices fell by nearly a dollar on Wednesday amid profit taking as traders awaited the latest weekly snapshot of US crude stocks data. Bearded iris clumps that have become crowded and weak-flowering should be divided. Lift rhizome clusters, wash off the soil and divide into sections with one or two leaf fans. Discard old, leafless rhizomes. Irises need rich, deep soil; a sunny location; and little or no competition from other plants. Amid tight security, thousands of Bosnian Muslims who survived one of the worst massacres in recent history tearfully returned to the scene Wednesday to remember the slaughter of up to 8,000 of their loved ones. The wives or female delegates of Arab leaders are to attend their first summit here Saturday to discuss the condition of Arab women and support their Palestinian sisters.
t337 Croatian Justice Minister Ivica Crnic, who resigned Friday, denounced the arrival of "totalitarianism" in Croatia in his letter of resignation to Prime Minister Nikica Valentic. Italian riot police used tear gas on Saturday against anti-Bush demonstrators who donned face masks in defiance of a police order and threw bottles and other objects, disrupting an anti-globalization demonstration that was reaching its conclusion in the capital's ancient center. An explosive device went off early Saturday outside the US consulate in Nuevo Laredo, in northeastern Mexico, with no immediate reports of injuries but some material damage, federal prosecutors said. The Arab nations committed themselves to accepting Israel as a neighbor once it meets conditions leading to the creation of an independent Palestinian state. Chess legend Bobby Fischer, who faces prison if he returns to the United States, can only avoid deportation from Japan if Iceland, which has granted him residency, upgrades its offer to citizenship, a Japanese lawmaker said Wednesday. Among the political benchmarks the Bush administration has embraced to chart progress in Iraq, approval by the Iraqi parliament of a hydrocarbon law looms large. Oil provides 95 percent of Iraq's national income, making the recovery of the country's oil sector critical to reducing the United States' military and Milwaukee Brewers right-hander Jeff D'Amico has decided to have an operation to repair a decompressed radial nerve in his upper right arm. Zambia's Electoral Commission is working towards introducing financial regulations for political parties and candidates to reduce malpractice during the 2001 polls, Zambia Daily Mail newspaper reported on Saturday.
t7166 Exceptional gains from a reorganisation of links with the Guinness brewing group enabled the LVMH luxury products company to increase net profits for 1994 by 79.7 percent, LVMH announced on Thursday. Results Wednesday from the Ordina Open, a euro380,000 (US$479,000) ATP event and euro170,000 (US$215,000) WTA Tour event on grass at Autotron (seedings in parentheses): The crisis in the Indian Premier League (IPL) gathered pace Thursday as a growing rift between cricket chiefs threatened the future of the cash-rich tournament. A flag-flying caravan from Kabul arrived at this village Wednesday in the Hindu Kush foothills to gather converts for a new Afghan democracy. Kyrgyzstan's new acting leader Kurmanbek Bakiyev Monday said that ousted president Askar Akayev would be accorded all "appropriate guarantees" under the constitution and the law if he returned to the Central Asian nation. Just about every industry you can think of has worried about, and lobbied on, legislation that would alter the way patents are enforced. SunTrust Banks Inc. said Monday it won't increase its $14.6 billion offer for Wachovia Corp., hoping to assure investors that it will not spend extravagantly to win the hotly contested bank. Three British citizens, two men and a woman, were wounded in a car explosion in the Saudi capital Riyadh overnight, the second such blast in less than one week.
t6175 A shipyard under construction by a US firm in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) under an offset programme has been awarded its first contract by the navy, UAE officials announced on Monday. Police order former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and his wife to return to Thailand to face charges of asset concealment. The Swiss authorities on Wednesday tightened liquidity rules for the two biggest banks Credit Suisse and UBS, requiring them to have enough reserves for at least 30 days should a bank run occur. Some families are not speaking these days. Co-workers sidestep the subject of politics. People are making extraordinary efforts to get here to cast their votes. Pakistan on Friday welcomed a decision by the United States to sell it F-16 fighter jets, saying it demonstrated Islamabad's close relations with Washington. But the 45 -year-old Garlin is pretty serious about his latest role as a filmmaker. "In terms of the movies I want to make, I'm only interested that they have pathos and humanity in them," he says. An explosion Palestinians blamed on Israel killed an Islamic militant in the West Bank on Friday, and Israeli soldiers shot dead a Palestinian who threw a grenade at their tank in the Gaza Strip. Egyptian first lady Susan Mubarak proposed Saturday at the first ever Arab Women Summit to hold Arab women meetings regularly to review problems and issues pertaining to women.
t8203 Islamic gunmen shot dead two policemen and wounded two more on duty outside the home of the mayor of a southern Egyptian village on Sunday, the authorities said. AT&amp;T Inc., which will be the exclusive carrier of Apple Inc.'s much-hyped new iPhone, has hired 2,000 extra workers to staff its company-owned stores for the launch, a spokesman said Thursday. Top Goldman Sachs executives are preparing to tell Congress they were unsure whether US housing prices would rise or fall and did not take any action at odds with the interests of its clients, The Washington Post reported Saturday. Wolde Harris is not certain about his career direction. But though Harris has yet to score a goal this season for the Revolution, he appears less frustrated than a year ago, when the Revolution started the season with six successive losses and Harris went scoreless until June 9. A 26-gun salute was fired in the Polish capital Warsaw on Friday, marking the 26-year pontificate of native born Pope John Paul II as his funeral ceremony came to an end in Rome. A device that could "frisk" people, in effect, without making any physical contact with them to spot bombs that may be concealed underneath their clothes, will be tested for the nation's transportation hubs. Stocks fell moderately in early trading Wednesday with the market giving back part of Tuesday's advance as investors feared an even longer wait for an economic rebound. Bilateral trade between Myanmar and Singapore amounted to 448 million U.S. dollars in the first six months of this year, dominating Myanmar's total foreign trade in the period which registered at 2.027 billion U.S. dollars, according to the latest data published by the country's Central Statistically Organization.
t1034 India called for more foreign investment in the oil industry on Monday, saying it needed to commit 120 billion dollars to the sector over the next 15 years to bridge the widening gap between supply and demand. The United Nations said it is "outraged" by an apparent assassination attempt on President Hamid Karzai as authorities arrested seven suspects in the case, officials said Monday. Massimiliano Allegri became the 16th coaching change of the season in Serie A's 20-team league as he was fired by minnows Cagliari on Tuesday only two months after he had been voted coach of the 2008/09 season by his peers. When the head of Afghanistan's interim government, Hamid Karzai, visited New York in January, he sidestepped a potential controversy by not visiting the mosque serving the city's largest Afghan congregation. Former Hollywood star Robert Blake was Wednesday found not guilty of murdering his con-artist wife, who was gunned down as she waited outside a restaurant where they had just dined. Ken Burns is adding about 29 minutes of new material to his seven-part documentary about soldiers who fought in World War II, a response to pressure from a consortium of Hispanic organizations that demanded soldiers of their ethnic background be given prominent roles in the project. Vice President Dick Cheney returned to work Monday with a new heart pacemaker in his chest, promoting the energy strategy he assembled for the administration and attending his usual series of White House meetings. ``His spirits are high,'' President Bush said. Believing a troop offer by Britain was insufficient, Jordan informed the United Nations earlier this week that it would pull out its 1,800-strong contingent from the U.N. peacekeeping force in Sierra Leone, which already faces the loss of its 3,200-member Indian unit.
t5055 Human Rights Watch protested Thursday Kuwaiti authorities' temporary shutdown of the newspaper Al-Anba, calling the move a violation of the principle of freedom of speech. Authorities in Montenegro on Sunday arrested a former Serbian government official wanted for murder and persecution of Albanians in Kosovo, a spokesman for the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal announced. The German government said Monday it believed two of its citizens were abducted in Nigeria, following weekend reports, and that diplomats were working to secure their release. The first sign that Val Kilmer may be a little eccentric comes early. He is registered at his midtown Manhattan hotel under the first name of his younger brother Wesley, who drowned 25 years ago. US-based taxpayer group Citizens Against Government Waste complained Wednesday that the European Commission antitrust case against Microsoft amounted to "harassment" of the world's biggest software firm. The sheets of paper seemed to be everywhere the lawmakers went in the Green Zone, distributed to Iraqi officials, U.S. officials and uniformed military of no particular rank. So when Rep. James P. Moran Jr., D-Va., asked a soldier last weekend just what he was holding, the congressman was Two of Fidel Castro's daughters are living in Miami, one arriving just this week from Spain. The other has lived here for two years since winning a U.S. visa lottery with her husband. Karpov was recently appointed UNICEF's regional ambassador for central and eastern Europe, the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) and the Baltic States.
t875 The Vietnamese government will continue to manage enterprises and will not launch a programme of wholesale privatisations, the communist party daily newspaper said here Monday, quoting a senior official. Twin infant boys were among six people found shot to death in a home after a domestic dispute erupted into a barrage of gunfire that neighbors shrugged off as pre-Independence Day holiday firecrackers. Chinese President Hu Jintao headed to Washington on Monday for talks with US President Barack Obama on the sidelines of an international summit on nuclear security. For the gimlet-eyed gamblers who play it every day, the Chinese game of mah-jongg is an easy way to lose lots of money. With its incessant, noisy clattering of tiles, it is also an easy way to lose one's hearing. US Senator Ted Kennedy on Wednesday urged the leaders of Northern Ireland's Sinn Fein political faction to break with the outlawed Irish Republican Army, which he called "an albratross" preventing peace in the strife-ridden community. Ferrets, synchronized swimmers and competition hairstylists are the unlikely shipmates in ``The Pursuit of Excellence,'' a trio of films by Mark Lewis that begin Wednesday night on PBS. (``Synchronized Swimming'' airs Wednesday night, followed by ``Ferrets'' on July 18 and ``Hairworld'' on July 25.) All are delightful in a Texas Rangers catcher Ivan Rodriguez left Sunday night's game against the Oakland Athletics after three innings with a bruised left elbow. Singapore President S.R. Nathan said Monday night that his country will continue to support the ongoing efforts to strengthen the United Nations in order to face the challenges of a new millennium.
t6202 European finance ministers on Monday approved financial aid for Belarus and an EU budget guarantee for a loan to South Africa by the European INvestment Bank, French economics minister Edmond Alphandery said. Top members of Chancellor Angela Merkel's left-right coalition government agreed Tuesday to some reforms of Germany's labor market but were unable to achieve any major breakthroughs on a minimum wage or social insurance payments. A UN expert called on Wednesday for Egypt to take more action to combat human trafficking, laying out a list of social ills running from child labour to sexual exploitation. A US envoy to the Middle East, William Burns, visited the shattered Jenin refugee camp Saturday, calling the destruction and loss of life caused by fierce battles between Israeli troops and Palestinian gunmen a ``terrible human tragedy.'' Britain's main opposition Conservative party dumped one of its senior figures as a candidate in the forthcoming general election Friday for saying the Conservatives planned deeper budget cuts than announced if they are voted into power. Rodrigues, who also had a long career as a voice actor, died of kidney failure Sept. 6 at his home in Indio, Calif., said his wife, Karen Cook-Rodrigues. Italy will reintroduce passport checks Sunday to control the flow of people entering the country for next week's Group of Eight summit, during which thousands of protesters are expected to hold demonstrations. Zambian Defence Minister Chitalu Sampa has told the soldiers who have fled to his country from the war-torn Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) to abide by law and immediately lay down their arms, according to Times of Zambia.
t8027 Ramzi Ahmed Yousef, the accused mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, has acknowledged he is "an explosives expert" and a critic of US aid to Israel. From Prime Minister of Thailand to chairman of Manchester City, Thaksin Shinawatra is the latest high-profile figure in the seemingly inexorable worldwide takeover of English soccer. French rugby union Top 14 table after Saturday's matches, the final day of the regular season (played, won, drawn, lost, points for, points against, bonus points, total): Veterans of the no-hitter become regulators when one is in progress. While it is unnecessary for them to remind anyone that uttering the phrase or speaking to the pitcher is like walking under a ladder, it remains their duty to ensure that nothing and nobody move as the number The body of Pope John Paul II was Friday placed in a cypress-wood coffin in Saint Peter's Basilica one hour before the start of his funeral in the square outside. The bestselling "God of War" series has yet to debut on PlayStation 3, but fans can play the next best thing in "Heavenly Sword," a game so similar that it easily could have been subtitled God of War Lite -- looks great, less fulfilling. Turkish nurses vowed Tuesday to ``fight to the end'' against a new measure that calls for virginity tests on female nursing students suspected of having sex. China's industrial enterprises reported a hefty 98.7-percent year-on-year increase in their profits which topped 327.49 billion yuan in the first ten months this year.
t409 Nippon Steel Corporation is likely to post pre-tax profits of eight billion yen (84 million dollars) in the year to March, while all other major Japanese steelmakers are expected to suffer losses, a report said Saturday. Ruud Van Nistelrooy scored his second goal in the 89th minute as Real Madrid rallied to draw 2-2 at Zaragoza on Saturday to keep alive its hopes of a Spanish league title after Espanyol managed a 2-2 draw at FC Barcelona. Israel's army denied on Monday that it plans to carry out mass expulsions of Palestinians living in the West Bank after a new military policy entered into force. A Navy petty officer from Florida was killed Thursday morning in a training mission in a remote area near Kandahar, Afghanistan, the Department of Defense announced. A weekend call by Nepal's Maoist rebels for a countrywide transport blockade to protest at King Gyanendra's seizure of power has so far been ignored, police said Wednesday. Bill Clinton plunged back into the presidential campaign fray Monday in the role of doting spouse, telling thousands of Democratic supporters here that his wife is more qualified to be president than he was when he first ran for the job. Nearly nine years after the standoff at Ruby Ridge, a federal judge has formally dismissed charges against an FBI sharpshooter in the death of the wife of white separatist Randy Weaver. Naval forces of the Iranian army and the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) will hold an eight- day joint military exercise in the Persian Gulf from October 29, IRGC Navy Commander Rear-Admiral Morteza Safari announced on Sunday.
t6253 Here is the list of the 36-member Federal Executive Council (ministers) sworn in Monday in Abuja by General Sani Abacha with their portfolios: LM Ericsson AB, the world's largest wireless network maker, on Tuesday unveiled a string of deals, including a mobile network contract in China and a mobile services order in India. The newly elected governor of Khartoum warned on Tuesday against protests disintegrating into violence like in "Tehran or Nairobi" after next week's announcement of Sudan's election results. POINT MUGU - A QF-4 Phantom II jet crashed Saturday afternoon while performing in an air show at Point Mugu Naval Air Weapons Station, killing both crew members. The government again clashed with a Danish group, Rebellion, over its support for Colombian rebels locked in a 40-year civil war and this time, for accusing Vice President Francisco Santos of murder. China has been hit with enough bad news in a short period to tax the crisis management skills of Lindsay Lohan's publicist, let alone a government whose first instinct is to "deny, deny, deny." The Communist Party prefers its public relations in the form of carefully scripted reports handed Once cautious even with moral support, Senate Democrats are rallying around Sen. Robert Torricelli with donations to help defray legal bills he has incurred as the subject of a federal investigation. Egypt's Ismailia tied Algeria's Jeunesse Sportive Kabylie 1-1 in the first leg of the African Football Confederation (CAF) Cup final in Ismailia, Egypt on Friday.
t8423 Premier Edouard Balladur launched a counter-attack Monday in a bid to resurrect his chances in presidential ballots less than a month away, accusing his rivals of "dirty" tricks and of telling "nonsense" to win votes. Prince Tomohito, a cousin of Japan's Emperor Akihito and fifth in line for the throne, has begun treatment for alcohol dependency at a palace hospital, the Imperial Household Agency announced Friday. Iran's elite Revolutionary Guards fired five missiles on Sunday as part of ongoing war games in the strategic Strait of Hormuz, state media reported. China's State Council issued a white paper on employment and social welfare on Monday, setting an eventual target of ``near'' full employment and of basic social security and other government compensation systems for the majority of the country's workers. The Nigerian government, oil firms and the two oil workers unions were holding talks Friday in an apparent last minute effort to avert a strike that may disrupt oil exports from the west African country. As you read this, Ayaan Hirsi Ali sits in a safe house with armed men guarding her door. She is one of the most poised, intelligent and compassionate advocates of freedom of speech and conscience alive today, and for this she is despised in Muslim communities throughout the world. An effort to enact the first federal restrictions on pesticides in public schools has run into last-minute opposition led by members of the House Agriculture Committee. The hike in oil prices on the international market and marine transport fees are conducive to the export of China's coal to the southeast Asian market, authorities noted.
t4499 A Johannesburg newspaper, The Star, was Wednesday forced to end a "scratch-and-win" competition it has been running for months after an error made thousands of people winners of large prizes. Hamas said Friday it has made contact with the captors of kidnapped BBC journalist Alan Johnston, and is taking "serious and practical steps" to win his release. Bangladesh will sign a deal with Russia to build two nuclear power plants at a cost of at least three billion dollars in the electricity-starved Asian nation, Dhaka's atomic energy chief said Sunday. In the first substantive dividend of resumed contacts between North Korea and South Korea, the two sides have agreed to a new round of reunions of family members divided by the Korean War, officials said on Sunday. Asia's richest man Li Ka-shing has given his strong backing to Hong Kong's caretaker leader Donald Tsang as the Chinese territory's next chief executive, a local newspaper reported Wednesday. When you're backed into a corner, face pressed against an old box spring that you've decided to haul down the stairs single-handedly, it's not really the time to reflect on intelligence. Yet there I was, trapped on the landing between the third and fourth floors of my apartment building, If you watch cable news networks, with the drumbeat of ``Where's Chandra?'' headlines, you'd think the disappearance of a Washington intern was all the country was talking about. Indonesian National Police has sought help from the International Police (Interpol) in the hunt for fugitive Hutomo "Tommy" Mandala Putra who has been missing since last Friday.
t1415 Calling Mexico's peso collapse "the first financial crisis of the 21st century," International Monetary Fund chief Michel Camdessus said Tuesday the IMF needed more money from member countries. The co-chairs of the Iraq Study Group said Monday they were unsure whether the panel's goal of pulling U.S. combat troops out of Iraq by March 2008 remains valid. Jerusalem authorities plan to give the green light to build a new synagogue and school in east Jerusalem on land seized from Palestinians, Israeli army radio reported on Tuesday. The problem was detected on another shuttle, Endeavour, and tests were ordered to ensure there was not a similar issue with the Atlantis. French President Jacques Chirac on Friday will host the leaders of Germany, Spain and Russia for informal talks and a working dinner aimed at repairing strained ties between Europe and Russia. GETTING THERE: If you plan to base your trip in southern or eastern Greenland, Air Iceland flies to several locations in the summer from Reykjavik, Iceland. SAS Airways flies three times a week from Copenhagen to Kangerlussuaq. By sea, several agencies offer cruises that stop in Greenland, including Polar After again failing to win Russian support for their Iraq sanctions plan, the United States and Britain sought instead to include a one-line reference of their proposal in a Security Council resolution extending the U.N.'s humanitarian program in Iraq. Vice-Chairman Tian Jiyun of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC) will lead a NPC delegation to pay a goodwill visit to Morocco, Malta, Tunisia, Mozambique and South Africa from November 4 to 27, at the invitation of the parliaments of the five countries.
t6874 King Hussein of Jordan on Wednesday left for Paris to hold talks with French President Francois Mitterrand before travelling on to the United States, officials said. Google Inc. says it has received preliminary approval from Chinese regulators for its own Internet license, possibly boosting the search engine's campaign to expand its market share in China. US Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday that China will agree to a new round of United Nations sanctions against Iran over its suspects nuclear activities. When an emissary of Sanford I. Weill, chief executive of Citigroup, approached executives at Deutsche Bank in February to gauge whether the German bank would be open to a takeover offer, the response was a categorical ``no thanks,'' according to several people close to the companies. Macedonians voted on Sunday in a run-off of twice-postponed local elections seen as a key test of the country's political stability four years after the end of a rebel insurgency and as it bids to join the European Union. It is not unusual to walk down the sidewalks of Manhattan and have to dodge a parent pushing a small child on a tiny plastic tricycle. Although the parent is in full control of both speed and navigation, that child is almost always wearing protective bike gear, including a The head of the U.S. foreign aid agency began a weeklong visit to Sudan on Sunday to assess the humanitarian needs of 4 million Sudanese displaced by an 18-year civil war. The draft decision, recommended by the U.N. Commission on Human Rights, was adopted with a vote of 21 in favor, 19 against and 11 abstentions, at a meeting of ECOSOC here today.
t3856 ATP world tennis rankings after Pete Sampras consolidated his number one position by beating fellow American Andre Agassi at the Indian Wells, California, tournament final on Monday. Iraq is planning a second meeting with American and Iranian officials on improving security in the war-torn nation to follow up last month's historic U.S.-Iranian talks that broke a 27-year diplomatic freeze, Iraq's foreign minister said. China needs to consider "reforms" to bring an end to imbalances between its currency and global competitors, the European commissioner for economic and monetary affairs said on Saturday. I don't know if anyone has done a calculation, but it's obvious that the Bush administration has appointed a record number of corporate executives to high-level positions, often regulating or doing business with their former employers. Indonesia on Tuesday said it will this weekend begin registering foreign aid agencies working in tsunami-hit Aceh ahead of a deadline for deciding which will be permitted to stay and which must leave. Why do we help out our relatives when one of them needs a buck or a meal, and who gains the most from such acts of generosity? A celebrity publicist accused of backing her sport utility vehicle into a crowd waiting outside a nightclub, then fleeing, was in a state of shock afterward, her spokesman said Monday. LONDON, November 7 (Xinhua) -- Following are the closing cash and three-month prices at the London Metal Exchange on Tuesday:
t7135 The rand was softer against the dollar Thursday, opening at 3.6140/55 rands to the greenback from Wednesday's close of 3.6098/113. A painting of Joseph Beuys and a collection of African art worth around 2.4 million Swiss francs (US$1.9 million, euro1.42 million) were stolen from a house near Geneva, police said Wednesday. Birmingham owner Carson Yeung is ready to accept the High Court ruling that his Premier League club should pay 2.2 million pounds (3.395 million dollars) to investment bank Seymour Pierce. These business stories for release Thursday, April 25, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. A senior official in President Robert Mugabe's party has told white Zimbabweans that there is room for them in the ruling ZANU-PF but that they must accept "that Zimbabwe is for Zimbabweans", the state run Herald newspaper reported on Tuesday. On Sept. 1, the bullet-riddled bodies of four Iraqi men were found on a Baghdad street. Two days later, a single dead man, with one bullet in his head, was found on a different street. According to the U.S. military in Iraq, the solitary man was a victim of A blast at a storage site for explosives killed 41 people and injured 89 in northwest China on Monday, the official Xinhua News Agency said. The World Bank approved a loan of 303 million U.S. dollars Wednesday to support reforms in public finance and administration and improve the quality and efficiency of health, education and social protection in the Argentine province of Cordoba.
t3979 The U.S. government has given Budapest 200,000 dollars in aid for a feasibility study on a new sewage cleaning system in the northern part of the capital, MTI news agency said Tuesday. Left for dead a week ago, legislation to strengthen border security while bestowing legal status on millions of illegal immigrants is showing signs of life. China has pulled out of talks between European and Asian finance ministers in Madrid amid the travel chaos unleashed by the Icelandic volcano eruption, sources said on Saturday. George Mikan sat at a table in Los Angeles Thursday night, surrounded by players from his days with the Minneapolis Lakers. Somalia's transitional government-in-exile met here Tuesday in a bid to bridge deep divisions over plans to relocate to the war-shattered nation that are now in chaos, officials said. Alarmed that toys containing lead paint and harmful magnets are still on many New York store shelves, Gov. Eliot Spitzer announced Friday that he will send a team of inspectors to stores beginning Monday to yank the products and fine merchants who are still selling them. Social Security officials Monday warned senior citizens of hoaxes that promise slave reparations or additional benefit payments in exchange for their Social Security numbers and other personal information. In mid-August of 1999, the CPC Central Committee and the State Council ordered the formation of the investigation group, which consists of personnel from such departments as the CPC Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, the Ministry of Supervision, the General Administration of Customs, the Ministry of Public Security, the
t2071 UN special representative Yasushi Akashi Thursday accused Bosnia's warring factions of taking advantage of a current ceasefire to prepare for renewed battle. Phil Mickelson won't play a full practice round before Thursday's start of the U.S. Open and he expects to be in some pain, despite being told otherwise by a doctor last week. The United States is optimistic about the actions of Kyrgyzstan's new interim government, which came to power after violent protests last week, US envoy Robert Blake said on Wednesday. DeLana Harvick is a race car driver at heart. The daughter of a former Busch Series driver is married to a Winston Cup driver. The International Cricket Council (ICC) said on Friday that the 2006 Champions Trophy will be taken away from India and handed to arch-rivals Pakistan if the Indian government did not exempt the tournament from tax. Recently, I found myself in Dallas, a place I'd never been before. As a Muslim writer, I felt about going there pretty much the way an American writer might have felt about heading to the tribal areas of Pakistan: nervous, with the distinct suspicion that the locals carried guns Lance Cpl. Allan George Decker made the ultimate sacrifice during his 1968 tour of Vietnam, which is why two Florida businessmen were sickened earlier this year to find his Marine dog tags for sale in a back-alley market in Ho Chi Minh City. An unidentified gunman shot and seriously wounded two Israeli security guards of the Israel National Insurance Office in East Jerusalem, Israel police said.
t1449 British engineering and industrial tubes group TI on Tuesday reported a 22 percent jump in 1994 pre-tax profits to 153 million pounds (245 million dollars) compared with 125.2 million pounds in 1993. Drinking a milkshake-style medicine at breakfast seems to feed brain cells starved from Alzheimer's damage, researchers reported Monday. It is one of four promising experimental drugs poised for large-scale testing against the brain-destroying disease. Mogadishu-based radio stations stopped playing music Tuesday in compliance with an ultimatum issued by hardline Islamists 10 days ago, officials and journalists said. Israel pressed its spreading military assault on the West Bank on Tuesday with much of the fighting in the biblical city of Bethlehem, but a new front threatened to open up in the north. The European Commission said Thursday it hoped the next World Bank chief would put development at the heart of its programme, a day after Washington nominated US deputy defence secretary Paul Wolfowitz. New mothers, attentively breast-feeding their babies, are at the government-run Fabella maternity hospital in Manila. Fabella, described as the largest ``baby-friendly'' hospital in Asia, has never allowed the use of formula. An American on the brink of death has received the first self-contained, mechanical total heart replacement in a landmark experimental operation, a source said Tuesday. The chief executive of the Sydney Paralympic organising committee Lois Appleby said on Thursday that the community support has played a major role in ensuring the smooth going of the Paralymic Games.
t3058 Five British art dealers and a serving policeman have been arrested in Britain and 25 officials in Egypt in connection with the theft of archaeological treasures from Egyptian tombs, press reports said Sunday. Ruth Graham, the ailing wife of influential evangelist Billy Graham, fell into a coma and appears to be close to death, a family spokesman said. Pakistan Friday welcomed a UN report which said the murder of ex-premier Benazir Bhutto could have been prevented, saying it suggested her death was the result of a conspiracy. A stately man in a black fedora and charcoal overcoat solemnly steps off a trolley, thrusts his hands to the sky, and squawks to a swarm of pigeons swooping down from nearby rooftops: ``Come'ere Wingtip . . . come'ere Speckles . . . come'ere Checkers.'' A soldier from Sri Lanka serving with UN peacekeeping forces in Haiti was killed Sunday, during an operation to regain control of a police station that had been occupied by former Haitian soldiers in southern Haiti, officials said. ``Grind to a powder river dust ... and then knead it in water and honey, and let oil and hot cedar oil be spread over it.'' (Sumerian clay tablet, c. 2000 B.C.) A database will be created to track details on health care and mortality in the Appalachian Mountains, where cancer, heart disease and infant mortality rates have been infamously high. The Women's United Soccer Association (WUSA) will initiate its eight-team professional league next April with their nicknames, logos and venues unveiled in New York on Thursday.
t8406 Six North Koreans, led by a former resident in Japan, defected to South Korea on Monday complaining of hunger and economic hardship in the Stalinist state. Army soldiers found the bodies of 15 Tamil rebels and nearly a hundred anti-personnel mines when they searched territory captured this week from the guerrillas in eastern Sri Lanka, an official said Friday. James Milner kept Aston Villa's hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League alive by scoring a contentious penalty in a 1-0 derby win over Birmingham City here on Sunday. Music Midtown officials will gab endlessly about David Lee Roth, Incubus or Ja Rule _ but mention security at this weekend's music festival and mouths clamp shut. Chris DiMarco stood alone atop the Masters leaderboard after shooting a five-under 67 in the storm-delayed first round here on Friday. At 1:30 a.m., Antonio da Costa heard a knock at the back entrance of the McDonald's restaurant where he worked as a janitor after-hours. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage called on German insurance companies to make a fair settlement of claims by victims of the World War II Holocaust. Kenyan tea exports between January and October this year declined by 14.24 percent in volume, but rose 4.53 percent in value, Chief Executive Stephen Nganata of the Tea Board of Kenya has said.
t8216 A UN convoy on Sunday evacuated around 1,400 Kurdish refugees from the northern Iraqi town of Zakho, which Turkey occupied last week in an offensive against Kurdish separatists. The telltale signs are ominous: teens holing up in their rooms, ignoring friends, family, even food and a shower, while grades plummet and belligerence soars. Amateur or 'fun' runners are often told, by way of encouragement, that it is an achievement in itself to have reached the start of a marathon. The Federal Railroad Administration has begun increased monitoring of Amtrak to assure that layoffs at the financially troubled railroad do not create safety problems, but the agency and the railroad itself say that they are not aware of any so far. Tens of thousands of faithful late Thursday lined the route followed by a popemobile bearing a portrait of the late John Paul II and which travelled through Mexico City before coming to its final stop at the basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe, where giant television screens broadcast the Americans for Prosperity, a little-known small-government group, found itself quite popular last week: Its first conference drew almost all of the GOP's White House hopefuls. In between video clips of Ronald Reagan talking about the virtues of small government, Rudy Giuliani, Fred Thompson, Mike Huckabee, Sam Brownback and Ron A British Open winner in the 1950s, '60s and '70s, Gary Player makes his final British Open appearance this year. According to Retief Goosen, the 65-year-old South African is getting a little emotional. Western Mexico's avocado producers have prepared, as they say, the world's biggest guacamole and are looking forward to its registration with the Guiness Book of Records.
t8863 Israel's President Ezer Weizman will go to Germany for an official three-day visit in September, the German presidency said Tuesday, ending speculation he would take part in Bonn's celebrations in May of the fall of Nazism. Saying that his participation would result in his "eternal damnation," a conservative Mennonite farmer is suing over a requirement that he get a federal registration number to continue selling his live ducks in New York City. French President Nicolas Sarkozy and European Commission chairman Jose Manuel Barroso called for quick and firm action Monday to counter attacks by speculators on debt-ridden Greece. Have a question about the news? Colin Bessonette will try to get an answer. Call 404-222-2002, or write him at The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302, or e-mail him at q&AMP;a(at)ajc.com. Please include your name and hometown. Athletics' world governing body, the IAAF, on Saturday announced it would ramp up its drug testing procedures ahead of the world athletics championship in Helsinki in August. Perry, an Atlanta-based filmmaker with a growing grass- roots following, scored his third No. 1 hit in four outings as his latest release took in a surprisingly strong $21.5 million, distributor Lionsgate Films said Sunday. A key gauge of future U.S. economic activity inched higher for the third straight month in June, though it indicates the overall economy remains fragile. South Korean recorded an export value of 15.12 billion U.S. dollars in November, down to a single- digit rise of 6.5 percent for the first time since May 1999, the Commerce, Industry and Energy Ministry said Friday.
t1341 Israeli support for the Middle East peace process has fallen to a record low of 52.5 percent this year, according to the Tel Aviv university's "peace index". The Nobel peace prize awarded to Archbishop Desmond Tutu was stolen in a burglary at the clergyman's Soweto home but later recovered, police said Monday. Polish president Lech Kaczynski and his wife Maria will be laid to rest Sunday in Wawel castle in the southern city of Krakow, Poland's PAP news agency said Tuesday, quoting authorities. The following correction is in reference to a graphic moved March 22 by the New York Times News Service to accompany a story slugged TELECOM-DEBACLE (release date was March 24). A corrected version of the table will move: Indonesia said Thursday it had extended to up to 60 days the deadline for foreign aid workers to provide relief in the tsunami-hit Aceh province. President Bush and U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki Moon, meeting for the second time, will confer Tuesday in Washington. The secretary general, who took the U.N. helm at the start of the year, will also meet with members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Al Martin's tiebreaking single in the 10th inning led the Seattle Mariners over the Texas Rangers 9-7 Monday night in a game filled with All-Stars. An international seminar on painting and calligraphy featuring the West Lake opened today in Hangzhou, the capital of Zhejiang Province.
t13 Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Thursday the White House was prepared to talk with Congress about additional cuts to the US contribution to UN peacekeeping efforts. Screaming and crying, Paris Hilton was escorted from a courtroom and ordered back to jail Friday after a judge, overruling the county sheriff, said she must serve out her entire 45-day sentence behind bars rather than in her Hollywood Hills home. Sudan's election commission acknowledged there had been some "mistakes" on the first day of voting on Sunday in the country's landmark elections, marred by complaints of irregularities. This unusual documentary is about the Berlevag Male Choir, a Norwegian group consisting of more than 30 men of varying ages (the oldest is 95 or 96 _ his age varies during the movie) and temperaments. Director Knut Erik Jensen follows a pattern established by Wim Wenders in his OPEC kingpin Saudi Arabia signalled Tuesday it could act alone to meet a predicted increase in demand for oil, as it pushed hesitant fellow members of the cartel to raise production quotas immediately. ``There is a kind of play common to nearly every child,'' the British architectural historian John Summerson writes at the beginning of ``Heavenly Mansions,'' his appealingly idiosyncratic essay on miniature buildings and the roots of Gothic architecture. ``It is to get under a piece of furniture or some extemporized Yugoslavia's prime minister resigned and thousands of angry supporters of Slobodan Milosevic rallied Friday to protest the snap extradition of the former president to the U.N. war crimes tribunal. SANTIAGO, October 18 (Xinhua) - Chile posted a trade deficit of 137.5 million U.S. dollars in September this year, the country' Central Bank (CB) announced Wednesday.
t168 The dollar fell to a record low price of 94.82 yen Friday despite two waves of concerted intervention by European central banks. U.S. President George W. Bush says he will "be in listening mode" when he meets Pope Benedict XVI for the first time on Saturday. That is a good thing, because the Pope has a lot to say. A major, 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck near the Solomon Islands in the western Pacific on Sunday, the US Geological Survey said, but there was no immediate tsunami alert or report of damage. While the capper to the record, a heart-stopping 4-3 victory Friday over Phoenix that saw the Stars erase a 3-1 third-period deficit, was fun and inspiring, it's a dangerous way to live. Which the Stars have found out as they take a two-game losing streak into Calgary tonight. Michael Jackson's teenage accuser said Tuesday he had denied the alleged sex abuse at the time for fear his classmates would torment him further over his relationship with the star. It doesn't surprise me that, after 14 years of stalking the American pickup market, Toyota finally has unleashed full-size pickup hell with its monstrous Toyota Tundra, a truck that goes nose to nose with big-ugly domestics Ford F-150 and Chevy Silverado. The Bush administration is sending a U.S. envoy to Macedonia to help with peace negotiations between ethnic Albanians and the Slav-dominated government. Israel on Friday rejected the resolution adopted Thursday by the U.N. Human Rights Commission, saying the resolution is "hostile, unbalanced and unnecessary."
t7755 The former governor of Pennsylvania is to test the waters Friday for the first Democratic challenge against President Bill Clinton's 1996 re-election bid. Ousted Thailand Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra's bid for English Premier League club Manchester City is his own business, despite the country's attempts to freeze his assets, Thai officials said Thursday. Rwandan authorities announced Friday they had arrested three people said to be Hutu rebels and accomplices of an opposition leader accused of denying the 1994 genocide. Far off at the mouth of Mobile Bay, natural gas rigs look like mosquitoes driving their needles into an olive-green arm. They are shrouded in mist; a storm is rolling in, worrying the people trapped on a plodding ferry and hoping they'll reach Dauphin Island before they're soaked. Off A French national was killed Thursday in a bomb attack on one of Cairo's main tourist areas that wounded several others, security sources said. Spitzer, a Democrat, vowed to push forward with allowing license applicants to substitute a valid foreign passport and other records for the required Social Security card. Such documents are difficult to forge and will be scrutinized in a process taking up to six weeks, he said. India and Pakistan were twice ready to sign an accord at a landmark peace summit but it fell apart both times, and the talks ended without a deal, Pakistan's foreign minister said Tuesday. China Cargo Airlines Ltd. was issued a certificate for standard operations Sunday, becoming the first Chinese air company with such qualifications in the country' s air cargo transport service.
t7998 The Pakistani government Saturday sacked four top officials of the Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FPCCI) as a strike called by the group paralysed life in troubled Karachi. International trade union leaders on Thursday warned pension funds not to invest in private equity and hedge funds, saying they frequently hurt workers and avoid tax. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin will visit Ukraine on Monday following an accord allowing Russia to retain a naval base there until 2042 in return for cheap gas, a Russian statement said. Leading Pentagon officials are putting the final touches on a military plan to invade Iraq, perhaps as soon as this summer, according to two senior administration officials. Boston manager Terry Francona underwent an initial series of tests Thursday, one day after being admitted to hospital complaining of chest pains. Trick-or-treat season this month means there is likely to be lots of mini candy bars and chocolate kisses floating around in many homes. All that chocolate can be a dangerous temptation for dogs and cats. A man charged with killing a 15-year-old girl after a fight following a traffic accident pleaded guilty Tuesday to second-degree murder. The Asian Development Bank, a multilateral development finance institution in the Asia Pacific region, announced that it will increase presence in the Chinese financial market.
t2636 News Friday that the US unemployment rate fell to 5.4 percent in February, matching the four-year low hit in December, showed that the US economy is in the best state in a generation, President Bill Clinton said. Wall Street rebounded Wednesday after retail sales unexpectedly showed the largest increase in 16 months, signaling that higher gas prices might not be hitting consumers as hard as some investors feared. Hundreds of flights worldwide were cancelled or delayed Thursday as volcanic ash from Iceland swept across northern Europe, closing airspace above Britain, Ireland, Scandinavia and other countries. Elizabeth Dole's smile was as sweet as a cold plate of fresh-picked honeydew. But when asked if she was modeling her Senate campaign here after the senator who is married to the man who beat her husband for president in 1996, Dole grimaced as if she had sampled a Police made dozens of arrests as thousands of anti-war demonstrators, some carrying flag-draped coffins, marched in New York on Saturday to mark the second anniversary of the US-led invasion of Iraq. Here's what some kids at triathlon camp in Washington had to say about what you need to do to be a good triathlete: A powerful storm hit southeastern China early Friday and forced evacuations in some flood-prone regions. Earlier, Typhoon Utor lashed southern Taiwan and the northern Philippines, driving thousands from their homes, triggering mudslides and killing at least 37 people. The United Nations General Assembly is scheduled to consider on Wednesday afternoon the admission of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia as a member of the United Nations.
t4716 Japan's export ship-building orders in February soared 237 percent from a year earlier to 852,800 gross tonnes, the Japan Ship Exporters Association said Thursday. A leading Damascus-based Palestinian group on Saturday criticized Hamas and Fatah for their recent conflict in the Palestinian territories, urging the rival groups to calm the situation for the sake of the Palestinian people. European air traffic is expected to return to normal on Thursday, after a week of cancellations and disruption due to the ash cloud from an Icelandic volcano, the intergovernmental Eurocontrol said. The suicide bomber defies rational explanation. Who, being normal, can fathom the mental processes of the dedicated fanatics who deliberately end their own lives just to kill random others whom they don't know and couldn't identify? Wayne Rooney is set to retain his place in England's squad for their World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland despite police inquiries into an alleged nightclub brawl. The Bush administration has decided to defer the start of a new security screening program for thousands of officials of organizations seeking funds from the Agency for International Development until it reviews all the comments from those affected, according to USAID's acting deputy administrator, James Kunder. Compaq Computer Corp. hoped natural attrition would allow it to shave 2,500 jobs _ in addition to 4,500 layoffs _ when it announced it was restructuring earlier this year. APEC Ministers Sunday reviewed progress in strengthening markets in the Asia- Pacific region and projects in economic and technical cooperation, according to a press release issued at the end of the ministers' first day meeting.
t3989 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher, who has been trying to revive stalled peace talks between Israel and Syria, was set to make an "important" announcement Tuesday following his talks with President Hafez al-Assad, his advisers said. Israel will not respond militarily to the takeover over of the Gaza Strip by the Islamic fighters of Hamas, an Israeli Cabinet minister said Friday. Swiss authorities said Saturday that a ban on commercial flights in and out of Switzerland would be extended until 1800 GMT due to a volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10, 2002, is available as a `separate buy.' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com The fate of a brain-damaged woman was in the hands of a US judge Tuesday after a court hearing on a family dispute that has sparked an often acrimonious "right-to-die" debate in the United States. Parents whose children have toys that were recently recalled because they contain lead paint should inspect the playthings, and if they see that paint is missing or damaged, they may want to have the child's blood tested for lead. Comcast Corp. chose a good time to try to seize AT&amp;T's cable business and the top position in the market: A federal court struck down the major government hurdle to such a move just months ago. Daewoo Motor went belly up Wednesday after its creditor banks announced that no fresh loan will go to the second largest automaker of South Korea.
t3314 Takanobu Okabe led a Japanese one-two in the 90m normal hill ski jump at the Nordic World Championships Sunday as World Cup leader Andreas Goldberger fizzled. Tehran has become the "master of uranium enrichment" and will never suspend its program, a senior Iranian envoy said Thursday, in a clear rejection of U.N. Security Council demands. Pakistani authorities could have prevented the 2007 murder of ex-premier Benazir Bhutto and deliberately failed to properly investigate her death, a UN-appointed independent panel said. Los Angeles Dodgers left-hander Jesse Orosco has pitched in a major-league-record 1,134 games. He's not sure how many games, or seasons, remain in his pitching arm, but he said Tuesday the Dodgers will be the last organization for which he pitches. Saudi Arabia can increase oil production by 1.5 million barrels a day to help ease rising world crude prices, the kingdom's visiting petroleum minister Ali Al-Naimi said Monday. Technology mutes elitism by making widely available things once held as exclusive. Increased accessibility leaves nobility exposed to the wisdom and will of the masses. It turns luxury into necessity and destroys the concept of prestige in the process. Britain's 63-year drought without a Wimbledon men's finalist may last at least one more day after Tim Henman's match against Goran Ivanisevic was delayed by rain twice Saturday. Brunei sees China as its close and friendly partner and also as a key player in the regional affairs, a senior Brunei Foreign Ministry official said.
t7078 US troop strength in Haiti will be cut to 2,500 when the multinational peacekeeping force is turned over to the United Nations March 31, President Bill Clinton said Wednesday. The roof of a building under construction collapsed Wednesday, killing one worker and injuring six others, police said. One person was still missing under the rubble. An Irish bishop whose resignation was accepted by the pope Thursday over the cover-up of clerical abuse of children in Dublin apologised and said he should have challenged the culture of secrecy. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Sixteen passengers were injured when an Eva Air plane hit air turbulence on a flight from Taipei to Tokyo's Narita airport, an airport official said. The oil deal signed between Hunt Oil and the government in Iraq's Kurdish region earlier this month has raised eyebrows, in no small part because it appears to undercut President Bush's hope that Iraq could draft national legislation to share revenue from the country's vast oil reserves. Making the Singapore Airlines has reaffirmed its order for 10 Airbus A380-800s, European aircraft maker Airbus SAS said in a statement Monday. Indonesian House of Representatives (DPR) has passed a bill on the formation of Bangka Belitung province into a law, the Antara news agency reported Wednesday.
t7738 Finnish President Martti Ahtisaari will attend the ceremonies in London, Paris and Moscow commemorating the 50th anniversary of the end of World War II, the foreign ministry announced here Friday. An international human rights group has called on Iran to stop executing people under the age of 18, saying the country leads the world in the practice. Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou will ask in an hour's time for activiation of the EU-IMF debt rescue mechanism, a government source told AFP on Friday at 1020 GMT. The woman-comes-between-two-soldiers/friends plotline sure has received a workout recently, cropping up in ``Pearl Harbor'' and in the Czech movie ``Dark Blue World.'' This award-winning Israeli thriller was made before either of those films, but that doesn't make the triangle any less cliched. ``Time of Favor'' does try to go Zimbabwe's prosecutors Thursday brought another ZANU-PF party supporter as a witness in a trial involving two British journalists accused of breaching media and immigration laws in that country, a lawyer said. Most Americans oppose fully funding President Bush's $190 billion request for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and a sizable majority support an expansion of a children's health insurance bill he has promised to veto, putting Bush and many congressional Republicans on the wrong side of public opinion on worth up to $600 per couple _ may seem like chump change to many Americans. But to the financially savvy, the windfalls from Uncle Sam represent the foundation of a lucrative investment. Two chiefs of "Free Khmer Movement," an anti-government armed terrorist organization, were arrested, a senior official from the Ministry of Interior said here Sunday evening.
t8548 British Petroleum unit BP Oil Europe said Monday it would invest around 10 million dollars in a liquified petroleum gas joint-venture company in Poland. Top-ranked Roger Federer will play Teimuraz Gabashvili of Russia in the first round at Wimbledon to open his bid for a fifth consecutive title at the All England Club. Along with daily parades, fireworks and other festivities, the Shanghai World Expo's 192 participating countries are contributing to a six-month calendar of music, dance and stage shows. Israel and the United Nations remained locked in a standoff on Monday, with the fate of a fact-finding mission into the Israeli attack on the Jenin refugee camp still stalled in Geneva. The United States launched a medium range target missile from an airborne C-17 transport plane over the Pacific Friday as part of an effort to make missile defense tests more realistic, the Pentagon said. The first inductees will be veteran hosts Monty Hall of "Let's Make a Deal," Peter Marshall of "Hollywood Squares," Wink Martindale of "Tic Tac Dough" and Hugh Downs of "Concentration." Six months after two Dartmouth College professors were slain in their home, prosecutors are leaning toward burglary gone awry as a motive, The Associated Press learned Wednesday. The conference set the goal of striving for a "sustained, rapid and sound" development of the national economy and overall social progress in 2001 to create a positive start for the accomplishment of the 10th Five-Year Plan (2001-2005).
t3890 English football's best-known goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar was arrested by detectives on Tuesday at his home at Lymington, Hampshire, in connection with a match-fixing inquiry involving Far East betting syndicates. The cash-strapped city of New Orleans is turning to the rest of the world for help to rebuild as federal hurricane recovery dollars remain slow to flow. Yang Yong-Eun, Asia's first Major winner, shot a bogey-free four-under-par 68 on Saturday to hold a one-stroke lead going into the final round of the 2.5 -million-dollar Volvo China Open. A special grand jury is being empaneled in Long Island to investigate charges of sexual misconduct by priests and to determine whether the local Catholic diocese covered up allegations of criminal abuse. China on Tuesday urged North Korea to resume talks over its nuclear weapons programme as the Stalinist regime's premier arrived in Beijing following warnings that it has boosted its atomic arsenal to counter enemy invasions. A man who was mistaken for a deported felon and held in Los Angeles County Jail for 25 days may sue the state of California for negligence, the California Supreme Court ruled unanimously Thursday. French soccer star Zinedine Zidane left Juventus and signed with Real Madrid on Monday reportedly for a record transfer fee of $65 million. The Pan Africanist Congress (PAC), a minority party in South Africa, would call on people to vote for affordable water and electricity, land, housing, employment and a war against HIV/AIDS in the upcoming local elections, a PAC official said on Wednesday.
t8381 The Aum Supreme Truth cult has built up a virtual kingdom at its commune in the shadow of Mount Fuji, complete with branches of government and a sanctuary concealing a suspected poisonous gas plant. Japan Airlines Corp. said Friday it will cut about 4,300 jobs a year earlier than announced in February to speed up the company's revival and reduce costs. Greece's conservative opposition on Sunday attacked the socialist government for turning to the IMF for a loan lifeline and refused to take blame for the critical state of the country's finances. John Dean, the White House counsel whose revelations about the Nixon presidency were the first flames in the volcano of Watergate scandal, is about to turn up the heat again by revealing the identity of Deep Throat. The Israeli army has ordered the seizure of blocs of Palestinian land in two areas of the West Bank for "military use", Palestinian sources said on Friday. There is such a thing as DVD etiquette. For example, when a studio celebrates a movie's 25th anniversary by issuing a new DVD, it's customary to include at least a few bonus features on it. Helped by falling energy prices, inflation dropped to 3 percent in June from 3.4 percent in May in the 12 nations using the single European currency, according to statistics released Wednesday. Indonesian Minister for Agriculture Bungaran Saragih said here Wednesday that the flood in the country would hamper national paddy production as it has destroyed thousands of hectares of wet rice fields.
t4500 Fourteen paintings or drawings by Van Gogh, Picasso, Matisse and Degas have been found in Israel following a tip-off, police announced Wednesday. U.S. defense contractors are receiving nearly half the money allotted by Washington to fight cocaine trafficking and leftist rebels in Colombia, throwing into doubt their mission to train Colombians to replace them. The Dubai government has denied press reports that the former governor of the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC), who is accused of embezzlement, has been released on bail. Now that Oprah Winfrey has put her book club on a diet, W. Bradford Paley has invited everyone to join his reading circle. But this is no kaffeeklatsch where participants sit around gabbing about the latest best seller. Instead, it is the words themselves that form the circle. African elephants have an excellent ear for imitation, say biologists who have recorded tuskers copying the roar of passing trucks and the chirpy sounds of zoo stablemates. The shrunken suit, with its ankle-baring trousers and fitted jackets, looked like just another wacky runway fantasy -- something that would disappear long before it ever hit the racks. Terrorism experts are warning that local and state authorities may not have the training or resources to respond to bioterrorism threats that could produce thousands of casualties. The Indonesian government announced that it will hold peace talks with Acehnese rebel leaders next week in Switzerland, while thousands of people braced for a huge separatist rally in the province's main city of Banda Aceh amid raging bloody violence.
t1181 Leftist rebels launched a deadly overnight attack on a small town in northern Colombia, in which seven people were killed, authorities said Monday. The Supreme Court ruled Monday that Philip Morris Cos. Inc. cannot move a lawsuit by cigarette smokers into federal court. Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic sat expressionless Tuesday as the first witness in his genocide trial told of atrocities committed by Serb forces against Bosnian civilians. Bryan Smolinski hasn't scored a goal for the Los Angeles Kings since Jan. 17, a span of 27 games, but he's long since stopped keeping track of the longest stretch of offensive futility in his nine-year NHL career. OPEC could start discussing a second increase in its oil production ceiling as soon as next week if crude prices hold at current levels, Kuwaiti Energy Minister and OPEC President Sheikh Ahmad Fahd al-Sabah said Thursday. Amid a bleak outlook for advertising, the Los Angeles Times is considering breaking with long-standing tradition by selling ads on the newspaper's front page, Publisher David Hiller notified staffers Friday. President Bush kicked off the nation's Independence Day celebrations, shaking hands and chatting with tourists Monday at the Jefferson Memorial near the White House. UN special advisor Stephen Lewis told the Zimbabwe News Agency that there is need for the international community to assist with money.
t4465 All strategic nuclear weapons still in Belarus will be transferred to Russia by July 25, the news agency Interfax said here Wednesday, quoting Belarus military spokesman Vladimir Krivomazov. A beaming David Hasselhoff said Friday he had won a long-running battle with ex-wife Pamela Bach over custody of his two teenage daughters. Thailand's "Yellow Shirts" promised Sunday to "show our voice" if the government failed to deal with their arch-rival red-clad demonstrators in Bangkok within a week, a spokesman told AFP. The notion of creative destruction _ the constant churning of the industrial economy that replaces old processes and products with new ones _ is old hat to Gem City Engineering Co. The United Nations faced new questions on Tuesday about the oil-for-food programme in Iraq after admitting it agreed to use Iraqi money to pay the legal fees of a UN official under investigation. An investigating officer has recommended that a Marine Corps general drop all charges against a Marine accused of murdering civilians in Haditha, Iraq, finding again that the 2005 shootings were "tragedies" but that the Marine did not violate the laws of combat. President Bush will nominate Mark Olson, the former head of a Minnesota bank and a past president of the American Bankers Association, as a member of the Federal Reserve Board, a government official said Tuesday. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,826.12 points Thursday, up 76.61 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t6187 The Pakistan government on Monday condemned a strike call by the business community, as stocks plummeted on the country's leading Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE). Royal Philips Electronics NV said Tuesday it will offer US$34 (euro25.51) per share for U.S. lighting company Color Kinetics Inc., in a management-supported bid that values the company at euro516 million (US$688 million). An armed gang stormed two hotels in Mexico's northern economic hub of Monterrey and abducted seven people, including an American woman, Mexican media reports said Wednesday. The Texas Rangers are all but certain to put catcher Ivan Rodriguez on the disabled list because of his injured back. One person died and at least three others were seriously injured in an explosion at a neighbourhood market in the southern port city of Naples on Friday, Italian media reported. Until he meets and quickly marries the daffy-but-sincere health club sales clerk Abby (Jennifer Westfeldt), Messina's Ira dwells in a self-contained universe facilitated by Jewish professionals and dominated by his uptight, malcontent analyst parents (Judith Light and Robert Klein). A dispute between the South African government and thousands of homeless people appeared to be nearing an end Friday after authorities demolished hundreds of shacks built by squatters. But a lone holdout remained. Algeria's JS Kabylie drew 1-1 Friday with Egypt's Ismailia in the first leg of the Confederation of African Football (CAF) Cup final.
t7441 The US government increased its reward Thursday for two Libyan suspects in the 1988 Lockerbie airliner bombing to four million dollars in an effort to bring the case to justice. Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney's campaign is denying a report that aides pulled over a New York Times reporter trailing the former Massachusetts governor's caravan in New Hampshire, checked his license plates and told him to leave. A newly discovered strain of virulent airborne fungi that has already killed several people in Oregon in the US Pacific Northwest could reach California and other areas, scientists warn. Jason Voorhees, the stocky killer in a hockey mask who preys on young, sexually active women, has been pursuing his trade now for 22 years and 10 films. His latest outing, ``Jason X,'' opens nationally on Friday. Fears of a major destructive tsunami hitting Asia following a massive 8.7 earthquake off the coast of Indonesia have subsided, an international tsunami expert told AFP on Monday. Among those killed in clashes in the nation's capital was a Japanese photographer who was shot while trying to capture images of the large-scale demonstrations that have offered the repressive ruling junta its most powerful challenge in nearly 20 years. Businesses made progress in controlling inventories of unsold goods in May, helped out by the biggest increase in sales in more than a year. Indian and Pakistani forces deployed along the border have agreed to desist from unprovoked firing on civilians on both sides, a top Indian Border Security Force (BSF) official said Friday.
t6727 Members of a Japanese religious sect linked to the Tokyo subway nerve gas attack tried to bring toxic chemicals into Australia 18 months ago, an Australian MP said here Wednesday. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg left the Republican Party on Tuesday and switched to unaffiliated, a move certain to be seen as a prelude to an independent presidential bid that would upend the 2008 race. The United States said Thursday that the status quo cannot last in the Middle East, in response to Israel's renewed refusal to halt settlements as US envoy George Mitchell visited. It's one thing when a team's pitchers have trouble throwing the ball over the plate. A couple of Anaheim Angels pitchers showed Monday night that an inability to throw to first base can have equally destructive consequences. A teenage Jewish settler was arrested by Israeli police Sunday on suspicion of vandalising property in a Palestinian village near the northern West Bank city of Nablus, police said. Spurred by the Internet and a nationwide urban radio program by a popular disc jockey, tens of thousands of people are expected to descend on a sleepy rural Louisiana town to protest what they say are excessive criminal charges against six black teenagers involved in a schoolyard brawl. In a boost for President Bush's hopes to build a defense against ballistic missile attack, the Pentagon scored a hit Saturday with an interceptor that soared into space from a tiny Pacific isle and destroyed its target, a mock nuclear warhead. Blood samples of seven Kenyans who attended the funeral of Ebola victims in Uganda's western district of Masindi have been tested to be negative for Ebola, Ugandan Health Ministry announced here on Tuesday.
t5700 Government hospitals' services nationwide were disrupted for a second day Sunday with nearly 15,000 nurses striking for upgraded posts and other demands, strikers and newspaper reports said. A revived set of crucial computers aboard the international space station underwent one more test Monday before they are given a clean bill of health so shuttle Atlantis can return home. Paris-based media watchdog Reporters Without Borders (RSF) criticised on Tuesday the situation of press freedoms in Yemen, saying it was worsening by the day. The Democratic-controlled Senate Thursday spurned efforts to open a portion of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for oil exploration, delivering a sharp blow to President Bush's energy agenda. The International Monetary Fund said Thursday it was looking into a deal clinched by European Union leaders to relax the bloc's enfeebled fiscal rules. For two hours, President Bush listened to contrasting visions of the U.S. future in Iraq. Gen. David H. Petraeus dominated the conversation by video link from Baghdad, making the case to keep as many troops as long as possible to cement any security progress. Adm. William J. Fallon, his Rioters hurled firebombs and bottles at police Thursday night as violent street clashes erupted in the wake of the biggest parades of the year by the province's Protestants. China will strengthen water saving in industry and curb the contamination of water to promote harmonious development between industry and environment in the coming ten years.
t9724 Bavaria plans to transform Hitler's "eagle's lair" into a tourist attraction after it is handed over by departing US troops this year, the regional finance minister said Thursday. Having an extra man on the field has cost the North Queensland Cowboys more than a 1,000 dollars per second but no competition points. A 10-year-old Australian girl who survived being stung by the world's most venomous creature, the deadly box jellyfish, may have rewritten medical history, an expert said Tuesday. The Bush administration approved regulations late Friday that will allow coal companies to dump leftover dirt and rock from mountaintop mining into streams and valleys. The Russo-British oil firm TNK-BP said Monday that it had received a new demand for payment of back taxes for 2001 following an audit by federal tax officials, bringing the total the government claims is owed by the company for that year to 935 million dollars. Rep. Pete Stark, D-Calif., apologized to Congress, President Bush and the Bush family Tuesday for saying last week that Republicans were sending the nation's youth to Iraq "to get their heads blown off for the president's amusement." Tiger Woods frowned, pointed right, and yelled ``Fore'' just like a weekend hacker. His tee shot on the 14th hole was heading way right, and a promising round suddenly seemed in trouble. Zhou Shengxian, director of the State Forestry Administration, announced Wednesday the start of a 10-year program to protect natural forests.
t7339 North Korea's delegation to talks with the United States on replacement of its nuclear reactors with types unsuitable for nuclear bomb manufacture arrived in Berlin Thursday amid renewed tension on the issue. Kelly Rowan, who portrayed a wealthy wife on the television show "The O.C.," is engaged to Canadian billionaire David Thomson. The death toll from last week's earthquake in northwestern China has climbed to 2,183, with another 84 people missing, state media reported. As if the prospect of getting one's rear end shot off in the mountains of Afghanistan were not enticement enough, the U.S. Army has come up with a new recruitment incentive: Indestructible sandwiches. Iraq's Shiites and Kurds are still fighting over the oil ministry in their negotiations over forming a government, Iraq's deputy prime minister Barham Saleh said Monday. The proposed contract with the UAW, whose 73,000 members will begin voting on this weekend, would shift the responsibility for retirees' health- care benefits to an independent, UAW-administered trust. That would take more than $50 billion in liabilities off GM's books. Airport employees who hold security doors open for colleagues, lend a badge to a co-worker who forgot it at home, or allow friends to visit restricted areas could face fines up to $11,000 under new Federal Aviation Administration rules. Mexican president-elect Vicente Fox said the main economic goals of his administration will be a qualitative economic growth, better distribution of wealth, and an intense battle against poverty.
t9390 Spanish wine giant Torres is set to invest in Cuba, both in wine distribution and establishing vineyards, its major shareholder Miguel Torres announced Wednesday. Taiwan has lifted a four-year-old ban on Canadian beef imports that followed a mad cow disease scare, but the meat is restricted to boneless cuts from cattle under 30 months old. An England football fan sentenced to two years' prison in Portugal for rioting denounced a "witch-hunt" on Tuesday after the European Court of Human Rights refused to intervene in his case. Several consumer groups filed a petition Thursday asking the Public Utility Commission to investigate NewPower's financial status and, if the company does cease to operate, ensure that its customers can change to providers that offer competitive rates as opposed to POLR. Thilan Samaraweera, benefitting from two dropped catches, became the anchor for Sri Lanka's fightback after Chris Martin ripped through the top six batsmen on the opening day of the second cricket Test at the Basin Reserve here Monday. Evangelical voters gathered here Friday to weigh their political options even as one of their champions, Sen. Sam Brownback of Kansas, officially withdrew from the 2008 presidential contest, robbing many of their first choice in the Republican nominating battle. An Internet virus dubbed ``Code Red'' failed to shut down the White House Web site, even after marshaling the power of hundreds of thousands of computers in its attack. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak met with Ariel Sharon, leader of the major opposition party Likud, in Barak's office in Jerusalem on Tuesday evening, an Israeli official said.
t8949 Sudanese rebels Tuesday claimed that the government had resumed bombing refugee-filled towns in southern Sudan in the final hours before a two-month ceasefire declared on Monday comes into effect. Authorities on Friday questioned a man arrested in Bogota who they say helped turn Guatemala into a corridor for U.S.-bound cocaine and escaped two years ago from a Mexican prison. Thailand's "Red Shirts" protesters said Monday they would launch nationwide action to prevent security forces from travelling to the capital to join a looming crackdown. If the polls are correct, Jean-Marie Le Pen, the far-right French presidential candidate, will be defeated today (Sunday) in a landslide of epic proportions. As most of the world moans over skyrocketing oil prices, Norwegian shareholders have been breaking out the champagne to celebrate the effect the pricey black gold is having on the Oslo Stock Exchange. The White House and Congress are heading for what President Bush predicts will be a "fiscal showdown" at a time when the nation's financial health has actually improved for the moment. Quaker Oats Co. posted another quarter of double-digit profit growth as it awaits approval of its stalled acquisition by PepsiCo Inc., reporting a 12 percent increase Thursday. A senior member of Iran's Majlis (parliament) Saturday urged the legislative body to pass necessary laws to increase President Mohammad Khatami's authority in enforcing the Constitution.
t8535 A senior minister and top officials visited this embattled eastern region Saturday to urge security forces to be ready to fight Tamil Tiger guerrillas incase ongoing peace talks failed. Roger Clemens shook off some early rust and gave the surging New York Yankees the lift they were looking for, leading them to a 9-3 victory Saturday over the Pittsburgh Pirates in his long-awaited season debut. The United States said Monday that Ukraine had decided to dispose of all its highly enriched uranium by 2012, at the start of an unprecedented nuclear security summit here. When you think of Andrea Yates you think of someone desperately mentally ill, but you don't think of ``A Beautiful Mind.'' You don't look at a mother who killed her children and stand in awe of the complicated wiring that controls the human brain. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's decision to start withdrawing Rome's troops from Iraq is a tactic aimed at boosting his party's chances in upcoming elections, the Italian press agreed Wednesday. In his career as a game reviewer, Ghislain Masson has been to Russia twice, and once to Chernobyl for a promotion of a computer game set in that area's nuclear meltdown zone. Congo and its old colonial ruler, Belgium, mended a more than two-decade rift in top-level relations Saturday, with Congolese feting Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt in the first visit by a Belgian leader since 1988. Russian deep-sea divers have cut out a hole with a diameter of 10 centimeter in the body of the sunken nuclear submarine Kursk, the press service of the Russian Northern Fleet said Sunday.
t7012 Turkey Wednesday sent in more troops and armoured vehicles against Kurdish separatist bases in neighbouring Iraq and rejected growing international criticism of the operation by saying it has the right to defend itself against terrorism. Shares in Mitsubishi Heavy Industries rose nearly 3 percent Wednesday after a press report said it had signed a partnership deal with Boeing Co. to help promote Japan's first commercial passenger plane in decades. A US military court on Thursday cleared an American sailor of charges that he failed to protect the welfare of an Iraqi detainee and of trying to impede a subsequent investigation, the military said. It costs to be a grandparent. But the payoffs are greater, as more companies offer trips, just for grandparents and their grandkids. French President Jacques Chirac said Monday that the European Union hoped for an agreement soon to let Japan take part in a revolutionary nuclear project as both parties agreed to step up dialogue. Japan's troubled ruling party on Sunday chose as its leader an admittedly uncharismatic party elder known for his dovish foreign policy and quiet political know-how. Farmers in Australia's most populated state will no longer have to prove kangaroos are damaging their land to get licenses to kill the animals. The chief of the prison, who was took hostage along with other warders Wednesday morning when delivering a speech to the inmates, was seen sitting in the front of the van, but it is not clear how many hostage the seven Myanmar convicts took with them.
t3770 Leaders of 10 Asian nations which make up the Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO) start a two-day summit here Tuesday to discuss an agenda aimed at revamping the 3-year-old forum. "The Strip" may be the cheapest place where men go to pay for sex in Guatemala. On a three-block stretch of a dirt road straddling railroad tracks in the capital, nearly 150 prostitutes from all over Central America stand in the doorways of dilapidated hovels, waiting for encounters. German carrier Lufthansa, Europe's biggest airline, said it would cancel flights worldwide until 1200 GMT Sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland. In November the world's first cloned baby could be born, if reports this week are to be believed. But cloning experts are horrified and say that even if the baby is healthy, the mother could be at a high risk of a rare invasive womb cancer. North Korean Premier Pak Pong-Ju arrived in Beijing for a six-day visit Tuesday as Pyongyang claimed to have boosted its nuclear arsenal to counter an invasion. If you would be willing to divulge on national TV whether you've ever cheated on your spouse or lied to get a job, for the sake of pocketing half-a-million bucks -- has Fox got a reality series for you! The Seattle Mariners finished the season's first half by winning yet another game and by putting yet another player on the AL roster for the All-Star game. A Chinese-developed DNA chip technology was auctioned for 31 million yuan (3.73 million U.S. dollars) today at the 7th China Yangling Agricultural High-tech Expo.
t5489 A Catholic church official Saturday expressed concern at government military operations in central Sierra Leone near a zone of dense forest where seven foreign nuns are believed to be held by rebels. Boeing said Monday that GE Commercial Aviation Services has ordered six of its 777 freighters, worth US$1.42 billion (euro1.06 billion) at list prices. The United States said Tuesday it has made no judgement on whether Syria has sent Scud ballistic missiles to Hezbollah in neighboring Lebanon. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld reaffirmed his support Wednesday for the battle plan used to flush Taliban and al-Qaida fighters last year from the mountains of Tora Bora in Afghanistan, and denied reports that the administration had concluded that Osama bin Laden was there but was able to escape. A top opposition leader in Kyrgyzstan who was freed Thursday after being in jail since 2000 appealed for calm as he addressed the nation on live television after opposition supporters armed with rocks and clubs overran the government's main seat of power. The Rev. D. James Kennedy, a prominent television evangelist whose political influence extended to the highest levels of the nation's leaders, died Wednesday at his home in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. He had complications from a heart attack suffered in December. He was 76. The West Wing of the White House was partially evacuated Thursday after a car parked on the driveway nearby raised suspicions. President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney remained at work inside. A new species of super ratooning rice has been highly appraised by experts in southeast China's Fujian Province due to its high yield this year.
t8737 "Burnt by the Sun," a film by Russian director Nikita Mikhalkov about a summer day at the dacha of a Soviet general in 1936, won the Oscar for best foreign-language film Monday. Results Friday from the seventh stage of the Tour de Suisse cycling race, a 125.7-kilometer (78-mile) stage from Ulrichen to Grimselpass: Belgium's government collapsed on Monday after the country's king accepted the premier's resignation, threatening divisive elections in the run-up to taking over the European Union's chair. Serious adverse effects from drugs often do not show up until after the drugs are marketed, researchers are reporting Wednesday, in an article that urges doctors to avoid prescribing new medicines if older, better-known ones are available. The United States shut its embassy in Yemen on Saturday for what it called "administrative work" after Britain suspended operations at its mission, citing a "credible security threat". Despite many warnings, nothing quite prepared me for what I heard last month from survivors of a sexual violence so brutal it staggers the imagination and mocked my notions of human decency. I cannot find the words to describe what I heard from the girls and women in Panzi Unseasonably cool weather has turned the California power crisis on its head, with recent energy shortages giving way to a glut that's prompted the state to sell excess power at a loss. A resolution adopted by the General Assembly with a 145 in favor, one against and five abstentions, deplores the transfer by some states of their diplomatic missions to Jerusalem in violation of Security Council resolution 478 and their refusal to comply with the provisions of that resolution.
t9130 The Nikkei Stock Average of the Tokyo Stock Exchange stood at 16,420.66 points at 2:00 p.m. (0500 GMT) Wednesday, down 261.07 points, or 1.6 percent. Turkmenistan's president ordered closure of a fund set up by the late dictator Saparmurat Niyazov, the government said Saturday, in what appeared to be an attempt to recover some of the vast wealth Niyazov reportedly stashed abroad. Chilling footage of a pile of emaciated, dehumanised bodies at the Bergen-Belsen Nazi concentration camp and a narrator's voice: "One of these many victims was Anne Frank". He's tight-lipped. Otherwise, he'd be a natural for talk shows. His episode could be titled: ``I Avoid Sex Because It Makes Me Hungry.'' Up to 20,000 anti-Japanese protesters took to the streets of two southern Chinese cities Sunday, as Japan demanded an apology for a violent rally outside its embassy in Beijing the previous day. John L. Withers, 91, who died of cancer Oct. 7 at his Silver Spring, Md., home, never forgot the sight of the two emaciated Jewish boys in rags who trembled before him near Munich in 1945. A mile and a half is a distance rarely raced even by colts in the United States. On Saturday, eight 3-year-old fillies will attempt that testing distance in the Coaching Club American Oaks at Belmont Park. Today is the ninth " International Day of Disabled Persons". China Welfare Fund for the Handicapped (CWFH) received donation of haircare consumers goods worth one million yuan (120,000 US dollars) from Unilever, one of the world's biggest producers of consumer goods, here today.
t837 The WTA have said they will publish their latest rankings on Tuesday and not Monday because of the postponement of the final of the 430,000 dollar Evert Cup here. After 26 years as a Muslim village official, Satopa Pangoy was forced to make a wrenching decision: remain loyal to the government and risk death or surrender to threats of the Islamic insurgents by quitting his post. Australian officials raced against the clock on Monday to refloat a massive Chinese ship which grounded and leaked oil at the Great Barrier Reef before high winds and heavy seas rock the region. As his team headed for the bench, Williams screamed at each player, his arms flailing and his feet stomping. It was a classic Gary Williams Sideline Moment. Iraqis at Baghdad's Brazili cafe were riveted Monday by the first session of Iraq's new parliament but wondered how the country's fractious ethnic and religious rivalries would play out. We've all seen the bitingly clever bumper stickers that proclaim, ``My child and my money go to X University.'' I'm a college professor, and when my students gripe about $50,000 annual costs and associated debt, I tell them they don't want to know what I paid a quarter-century ago Holed up in a fortified convention center, the continent's political and business leaders pledged to continue European enlargement Sunday as hooded anti-globalization protesters showered riot police with bottles on the streets outside. Joe Smith's future with the Minnesota Timberwolves remains uncertain despite arbitrator Kenneth Dam's ruling Monday in the NBA salary-cap circumvention case.
t411 Philippines President Fidel Ramos starts a three-day visit to The Netherlands Monday a week after signing an accord on peace talks with communist rebels, who are based in the Dutch city of Utrecht. An investigating officer has recommended dismissing charges against a Marine lawyer accused of failing to probe the killings of 24 Iraqi civilians in the town of Haditha, the defense attorney said Saturday. Large inventories of nuclear materials stored in Canada will be transferred to the United States to keep them out of terrorists' reach, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced Monday. Cardinal Roger Mahony has turned over relevant information on priests accused of sexually abusing minors to Los Angeles detectives, LAPD officials said Thursday. Yemen's prime minister has accused the United States of speaking with "two voices" over its battle against terrorism and the defence of human rights, after a US State Department report criticised the behaviour of Yemeni forces. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton rolled out the ultimate campaign surrogate Monday night, sharing a stage with her husband, Bill Clinton, as one of the world's best-known women sought to reintroduce herself to the voters of Iowa. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres met overnight, discussing the Middle East conflict for more than two hours and opening the way for direct talks between the two sides, officials said Saturday. The United States objects to Israel's plan to unilaterally separate Israel from the Palestinian territories, U.S. Ambassador to Israel Martin Indyk said Sunday.
t2348 Daehlie was in no position to capitalize on Smirnov's fall. He admitted he had given up hope of a gold after just five or six kilometers. Dubai Drydocks World LLC has launched a bid for all outstanding shares of Pan-United Marine Ltd. that values the Singapore shipyard at 648 million Singapore dollars (US$421 million; euro315.5 million). Finland's main airport will shut at midnight local time (2100 GMT) due to ash from an erupting volcano in Iceland, grounding all flights in the Nordic country, airport operator Finavia said Thursday. There were times last season when Derek Lowe could have held a yard sale at his locker. People were concerned about his pitching, so they sent him stuff. They sent magic potions and inspirational quotes. They sent figurines and knickknacks. One woman even sent a horseshoe. China has formally arrested a dissident who travelled to Beijing to mourn the death of deposed leader Zhao Ziyang, more than a month after he was detained, his wife said Saturday. The fate of a U.N.-backed initiative to fight organized crime hangs in the balance in Guatemala, where legislators will decide this week whether to scrap a plan to create an international team of investigators to aid the country's beleaguered criminal justice system. President Bush nominated Justice Department veteran Robert Mueller on Thursday to head the FBI and try to help the agency rebound from a string of recent embarrassments that ranged from bungled documents to the unveiling of a spy. Sri Lanka has planned to attract a total of one million foreign tourists by year 2005 to boost the tourism industry in this war-plagued small island country on the Indian Ocean, the official Daily News reported Tuesday.
t7255 Manchester United star Eric Cantona was jailed for two weeks here Thursday for his kung-fu attack on a football spectator two months ago. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, addressing his people on TV Wednesday, harshly criticized the Islamic Hamas for attacking "national symbols" during its takeover of Gaza last week, referring to them as "murderous terrorists." Germany's national rail company Deutsche Bahn on Thursday said it had agreed to buy British transport operator Arriva for 1.585 billion pounds (1.827 billion euros, 2.447 billion dollars) in cash. California Speedway is closed to the public today but not to NASCAR Winston West series drivers who will practice and try to qualify for Saturday's Pontiac 200. Israel's parliament Monday rejected a referendum bill on the planned Gaza Strip evacuation, removing the last obstacle to the pullout and dealing a severe blow to those staunchly opposed to withdrawal. Michel du Cille, a two-time Pulitzer Prize winner and longtime editor and photographer at The Washington Post, has been named assistant managing editor for photography, it was announced Tuesday. Serbian authorities have begun to exhume bodies from yet another mass grave believed to be part of an alleged cover-up of Kosovo war crimes linked to former President Slobodan Milosevic. England midfielder Steve McManaman was praised by Real Madrid head coach Vincente Del Bosque on Thursday for his outstanding performance in Real's 2-0 Champions League victory over English Premier League club Leeds United.
t5465 South Korea Saturday welcomed a hint by North Korea's envoy to the United Nations that Pyongyang was easing its position on the conclusion of a contract with Seoul to build light-water reactors in the North. Adecco SA, the world's biggest temporary work agency, said Monday it agreed to buy Germany's Tuja Holding GmbH for euro800 million (US$1.07 million) to expand in Europe's largest economy. UN humanitarian chief John Holmes will visit Senegal, Niger and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) later this month to discuss the food security crisis and other humanitarian issues, his office said Tuesday. A study prepared by a private contractor estimates that pollution from more than 80 power plants owned by eight electric utilities will cause nearly 6,000 premature deaths in the year 2007. The number is lower than the estimated number of deaths by pollution now because the air is getting A month to the day since undergoing a throat operation to help him breathe, Pope John Paul II's battle with ever frail health forced him to watch on television as cardinals began the most intense period of the Easter ceremonies in St Peter's basilica. She joins Native-American Kaya, Colonial Felicity, pioneer Kirsten, frontier Josefina, Civil War Addy, Victorian Samantha, Depression Kit and World War II Molly, all of whom face change and challenges at critical times in American history. First Union Corp.'s beat analysts' expectations with second-quarter profits from operations of $649 million, bolstering the bank's argument that it is best suited to take over Wachovia Corp. Shenyang, capital city of northeast China's Liaoning Province, will increase the minimum wage to 320 yuan (about 38.6 U.S. dollars) per month, an increase of about 30 percent from the former 240 yuan (almost 29 U.S. dollars).
t3956 Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto opened a summit here Tuesday of ten western and central Asian economies, calling for greater economic cooperation to end the region's cycle of poverty. The senior New Zealand official expelled from Fiji this week had supported a plot by other top foreign diplomats to replace the armed forces chief before he carried out last year's military coup, a senior officer alleged Friday. German airspace will remain closed until 2:00 am Sunday (0000 GMT) due to the cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland expanding over Europe, the German air safety agency DFS said. With so much tradition and so much pomp and circumstance, the Masters is almost like a wedding ceremony at times. The Kyrgyz opposition appealed to Russian President Vladimir Putin Tuesday to objectively judge the weeklong protests in the ex-Soviet republic's volatile south, which have been sparked by a disputed parliamentary election. Melinda Doolittle laughs at the idea of trying to accomplish everything this season's ``American Idol'' winner Jordin Sparks has to get done this summer. Citing accounting irregularities, Safety-Kleen Corp. on Monday reduced reported earnings for fiscal years 1997 through 1999, wiping out about $534 million in reported earnings, and posted a fiscal 2000 loss of approximately $833 million. American and German scientists have found in Nepal more specimens of million-year-old fossils of both large and small animals including hippopotami, ancient horses and elephant-like animals.
t2250 Italy's growing band of Mafia informants must keep a low profile if they want to stay alive, the interior ministry cautioned Thursday amid signs of a mounting Mafia terror campaign to eliminate turncoats. A U.S. diplomat accused Iran of transferring weapons to Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan -- the most direct comments yet on the issue by a ranking American official. Japan's Shinsei Bank is likely to report a net loss of more than 100 billion yen (1.1 billion dollars) for the year ended March, a report said Wednesday. Since Sept. 11, Army Gen. Tommy Franks has been a reluctant celebrity, forced into the international spotlight by America's war on terrorism. Rival lawyers in Michael Jackson's child sex trial wrangled Friday over whether his jurors should be told about two previous allegations that the star molested young boys. Call it the ``fuzzumentary,'' this new documentary sub-genre in which creatures of the wild -- think the birds of ``Winged Migration,'' or the emperors of ``March of the Penguins'' -- are turned into almost-human characters on the big screen. Wildlife footage is combined with an off-screen narrator to concoct United States collegiate golfers won seven singles matches Thursday to beat their Japanese counterparts for the sixth straight year in the annual Collegiate Golf Championship. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat reaffirmed here on Tuesday that the overnight Israeli air raids against targets in the West Bank and Gaza would not stop " Palestinian children from hurling stones to defend Jerusalem."
t7370 Japan and Ukraine have agreed to support an indefinite extension of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), a joint statement said Thursday. Starbucks Corp. and the Ethiopian government said Wednesday they will work together to promote three of the African nation's prized specialty coffees under a deal that supports the country's bid to win trademarks it believes will benefit farmers. Former Junior All Black Jimmy Gopperth pulled the strings as Newcastle won 32-30 away to fellow strugglers Sale on Friday to guarantee their place in next season's English Premiership. 1 If you have reason to think your teen drinks alone, consider it a sign of serious sadness, even depression. Consult a professional. Buildings collapsed killing "tens" of people on an outlying Indonesian island after a major earthquake, but despite warnings and major panic, officials said Tuesday there was no tsunami. The best thing about being a writer? Jennifer L. Holm doesn't hesitate with her answer: "The most beautiful part is when the book arrives in your hand." Timo Perez, considered a bright prospect by the New York Mets after a strong postseason, was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk on Monday to make room for Tsuyoshi Shinjo, who was activated from the disabled list. Three times Wimbledon finalist Goran Ivanisevic came back from a set and 5-2 down to beat the number four seed Gianluca Pozzi of Italy 3-6, 7-5, 7-5 in the first round of the Brighton Open on Wednesday.
t6582 Russian workers are to stage a day of nation-wide protests on April 12 against mounting delays in the payment of salaries, the Federation of Independent Trade Unions announced here Tuesday. Russia has started delivery of top-of-the-line fighter jets to Syria under a new deal estimated to be worth US$1 billion (euro746 million), a newspaper said Tuesday -- but the report was quickly denied by the state arms trader. Oleg Deripaska, chief executive of the world's largest aluminium producer, UC Rusal, will donate two-thirds of his multimillion-US-dollar bonus to charity, the company said Wednesday. Zacarias Moussaoui, the first suspected terrorist indicted in connection with the Sept. 11 attacks, asked permission Monday to fire his lawyers and represent himself in his trial. The Florida Supreme Court late Saturday rejected an emergency petition from Terri Schiavo's parents for a feeding tube to be reinserted into the brain-damaged woman, media reports said. Republican lawmakers Tuesday blocked the Senate from taking up the Washington D.C. voting rights bill, dealing a major blow to the district's most promising effort in years to get a full member of Congress. A woman who was keeping a journal of physical and psychological abuse allegedly inflicted by her husband was stabbed to death in her home, and her husband has been charged with killing her. Truck drivers Monday morning blockaded major fuel terminals and wharves in Melbourne, southeast Australia, to protest against high petrol prices.
t7438 Mexico announced Thursday it was rejecting a short-term loan of three billion dollars offered by a group of foreign private banks as part of an 18 billion dollar guarantee fund. Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney's campaign is denying a report that aides pulled over a New York Times reporter trailing the former Massachusetts governor's caravan in New Hampshire, checked his license plates and told him to leave. US Vice President Joe Biden will make a major speech to the European Parliament next month, and will also become the most senior Obama administration official to visit Spain. With the flood of marginal independent films that have hit New York in the last few years, it has become more and more common to see critics staggering out of the screening room, shaking their heads in astonished disbelief. Bryan Johnson's ``Vulgar,'' though, provokes a whole new level of The human rights watchdog Amnesty International chided the US government Monday for issuing another report on rights across the world without taking care to get its own house in order. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Thursday that he intends to approve a $2.8 billion plan to accelerate the Army's growth by 74,000 soldiers over the next four years, even as the Army's top official suggested that the need for support troops in Iraq could grow -- rather than decrease Russian President Vladimir Putin praised Pope John Paul II and expressed the hope that the Roman Catholic and Russian Orthodox churches can heal their centuries-old divisions. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 2,053.37 points Friday, down 66.06 points from the last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t4189 Sierra Leone rebels said on Tuesday they still plan to free a group of kidnapped foreigners "within a few days" despite the last-minute calling off of a planned hand-over date. Kyrgyz lawmakers rejected a proposal to privatize crucial parts of the ex-Soviet nation's energy sector, including two unfinished hydropower stations, expressing fears of losing control. Half of the flights scheduled for Monday in Europe could go ahead, the European Union presidency said as a volcanic ash cloud grounded thousands of planes for a fourth straight day. The late-afternoon bombing by a Palestinian woman in a produce market here killed six people and wounded at least 80, officials said. It came just hours after Powell finished a four-hour meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in which the secretary tried to persuade the prime minister to Pakistani and Indian officials Tuesday swapped lists of people for travel on the first bus service in nearly 60 years between two parts of the divided Himalayan state of Kashmir. Sinking back in a poolside lounge chair at Khartoum's first five-star hotel, Sitona Abdalla mused recently about whether U.S. sanctions were hurting Sudan. A major human rights group is urging new President Vicente Fox to take stronger measures against torture in Mexico, saying the practice remains widespread. The House of Representatives of Thailand has been dissolved after the King Bhumibol Adulyadej endorsed a royal decree and a general election will be held on January 6, Secretary-General to the cabinet Wissanu Kruangam told reporters Thursday.
t5278 The Frankfurt stock market rallied on Friday as the DAX index broke back up through the 2,000-point level to finish at 2,005.24 points, up 0.66 percent from the Thursday close. Gianfranco Ferre, the Italian designer known as the "architect of fashion" for his structured, sculpted shapes and for his groundbreaking tenure at Christian Dior, died Sunday, a hospital said. He was 62. Philippine prosecutors on Monday publicly criticised a controversial government order to clear two members of a powerful Muslim clan accused of orchestrating the country's worst political murders. But for nearly three decades, Louisville's Actors Theatre has been a touchstone for American theater culture through its Humana Festival of New American Plays. Ethiopia's army has committed massive human rights abuses that may constitute crimes against humanity against the indigenous Anuak population in the country's southwestern Gambella region, a leading rights watchdog charged Thursday. The collapse of the I-35W bridge in Minneapolis last month will probably ignite a frenzy of legislating as Congress returns from vacation this week. It will also open a new front in one of the great, perennial, inside-the-Beltway rivalries, between the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association Louisville's Adam Dunn homered twice and captured MVP honors in the Triple-A All-Star game, he just couldn't lead the International League to victory. A Sino-German Project looking at the management of pesticides has been praised by a high-ranking official and may be used as an example for good practice in international cooperation.
t569 In the women's 60m hurdles Lynda Tolbert-Goode of the United States posted an upset victory in a time of 7.93. Thousands of Indonesians rallied across the world's most populous Muslim nation Sunday to protest 40 years of Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories, some carrying banners that said "Israel is the enemy" and "Save our Palestine." Australian authorities refloated a huge Chinese ship on Monday that had been stranded on the Great Barrier Reef for over a week after running aground, averting a potential environmental crisis. A federal judge here has overturned a law prohibiting residents of the city from circulating or voting on a ballot initiative to legalize marijuana for medical purposes. The United States remains opposed to a proposed gas pipeline from Iran to India, US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Wednesday, while noting that South Asia's rising energy demands need to be met. This month's elections in Turkey have been described as a battle for the soul of the nation. But far from being a battle between secularism and Islam, as some would have us believe, this is really a conflict between the forces of freedom and democracy on the one hand His strained left groin healed, David Justice was activated from the 15-day disabled list Saturday by the New York Yankees, who optioned Clay Bellinger to Columbus of the International League. India Monday increased the rates of international speed post (EMS) and parcels effective from November 1 to mop up an additional revenue of 63.5 million rupees (138,000 U.S. dollars).
t9672 New claims for US unemployment benefits fell by 10,000 in the week ended March 25, the Labor Department said Thursday. Key players in the Darfur crisis are meeting in Paris on Monday in a bid to build a unified international response to violence in the troubled Sudanese region, though Sudan will not be attending. South Korea formally marked completion of the world's longest seawall on Tuesday, the first step in a massive project aimed at reclaiming the ocean for industry, tourism and agriculture by 2020. The early days of the current economic recovery are beginning to resemble the early days of the last one. If so, economic growth could be slower than many have expected, and unemployment might keep rising for some time even while the economy is growing. A discharge of water from a dam swept away scores of Hindu pilgrims while they were praying on the banks of the Narmada River in central India, leaving at least 53 dead, senior officials said. Iraqi officials issued their pledge during a visit by Turkey's foreign minister to Baghdad as Turkish forces amassed on the border of the semiautonomous Kurdistan region of Iraq, where the Kurdish separatists have taken harbor between attacks on southern Turkey. Captured ex-spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos has asked forgiveness from ousted President Alberto Fujimori's former wife, who said Friday she was wary of the gesture. The Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR) of China scored a trade surplus of 1.95 billion patacas (243.75 million U.S. dollars) in the first 10 months this year, official statistics show.
t3206 An alliance of eight opposition parties announced at the weekend it would boycott Zimbabwe's upcoming parliamentary elections, while others charged that President Robert Mugabe's ruling party was planning "monumental fraud." President Gen. Pervez Musharraf's complaint against Pakistan's top judge was illegal because he didn't give the matter proper consideration, a lawyer argued in court Thursday. Spain's highest court was unable to reach agreement Friday on the legality of Catalonia's "statute of autonomy," which has been challenged by the country's main opposition party, a court source said. Atlantis was on course to dock with the 240-mile high orbital outpost Wednesday, shortly after 11 a.m., CDT. The shuttle astronauts plan to deliver and equip the station with nearly $800 million in new components. Australian share prices added 0.41 percent Monday, extending the market's record breaking run on optimism that stocks still have further to go despite concerns about high oil costs, dealers said. Twenty-five years ago, long before Rudy Giuliani became mayor of New York City, he made a decision that advanced the cause of gay rights nationally. An armored vehicle carrying Marines rolled over at Bangor Naval Submarine Base, killing two people and injuring three others, base officials said. Xinhua is releasing dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major Chinese regions in the first three quarters of the year.
t2416 Hong Kong citizen Daniel Chan Chi-pun, convicted of trafficking heroin, was hanged here early Friday, comforted by an 11th-hour assurance that a cure would be found for his blind son, his lawyer and prison officials said. The United States has "irrefutable" evidence that Iran is transferring weapons to the Taliban in Afghanistan, with the knowledge of the Iranian government, and NATO has intercepted some of the shipments, a senior U.S. diplomat said Wednesday. A former senior executive of the top secret National Security Agency (NSA) who allegedly leaked classified information to a newspaper reporter via email has been indicted on multiple charges, the Justice Department said Thursday. The Dodgers totaled two runs and 12 hits in their first three games, but manager Jim Tracy declared it too early in the season to make wholesale changes and stuck with the same lineup Friday night against Colorado. Iran has asked the European Union and Russia to respect its right to enrich uranium, an activity the EU is trying to convince Iran to give up to ensure it is not producing nuclear weapons. Note: From Vincenti Ristorante. This recipe makes 1 1/2 cups dressing, more than is needed for the four salads. The extra dressing will keep in the refrigerator, tightly covered, for 1 week. This also makes slightly more polenta croutons than is called for in the recipe. Hector Camacho Jr. is a lot like his father, who dazzled opponents with his boxing ability and charged up fans with his hot-dog antics. Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa Wednesday reiterated his country's support for the One China policy, saying that he believes China has the ability to solve the Taiwan issue and realize its reunification.
t6951 US former president Jimmy Carter said Wednesday that Nigerian junta leader General Sani Abacha and other military officials did not give him an answer on a date for handing power to elected civilians. A new U.S.-Vietnamese humanitarian effort is being launched to deal with the legacy of Agent Orange, the toxic herbicide that U.S. troops sprayed across Vietnam during the war. Belgium plunged into political crisis on Thursday as Prime Minister Yves Leterme threw in the towel -- for the third time -- after a key Flemish party quit his coalition government. Complaints are pouring into the state Attorney General's Office about a Florida telemarketer that is blanketing the Puget Sound area with automated messages, promoting a debt consolidation service. A 10-year-old Australian boy was Monday recovering well from a freak basketball accident that left him with both hands and one foot severed, his doctor said. New York will soon become the largest state to allow undocumented immigrants to obtain driver's licenses legally -- a new policy that is sure to stoke the national debate over immigrants' rights and homeland security. The unmanned, solar-powered aircraft Helios soared to 76,000 feet on its first test flight before returning to the ground Sunday. Greece pledged to speed up the construction of 2004 Olympic venues as an International Olympics Committee (IOC) team began to inspect the preparations for the Games here on Wednesday.
t3201 Akashi is to meet Monday morning with representatives of the Bosnia- Hercegovina federation, before welcoming at the airport Indonesia's President Suharto, due here on a short visit. Tubes of toothpaste sold in discount stores in four U.S. states and labeled Colgate -- described as counterfeit by Colgate -- are being recalled because they may contain a poisonous chemical, according to the importer of the tubes. A German court fined renegade British Catholic bishop Richard Williamson for Holocaust denial Friday in a case that has deeply embarrassed the Vatican. Fighting in the west and protests in the east Tuesday threatened the return of thousands of Afghan refugees from Iran and Pakistan as the U.S.-backed government here showed further signs that it was incapable of asserting its control over large swaths of the country. The family of a severely brain-damaged Florida woman rejoiced early Monday after the US Congress passed an unprecedented bill aimed at forcing doctors to keep her alive. When Bill Clinton proposed dropping the ban on gays and lesbians serving openly in the military, Army Gen. Colin L. Powell, then the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was vehement in his opposition. An armored vehicle carrying Marines rolled over at Bangor Naval Submarine Base, killing two people and injuring three others, base officials said. Swiss authorities announced Friday they have frozen accounts worth 50 million US dollars linked to Peru's former presidential advisor Vladimiro Montesinos in three Zurich banks.
t1373 A landlord and his tenant are usually not the best of friends in Nigeria and these days they are parting company more easily, when the landlord obtains court documents illegally enabling him to throw tenant and his property onto the street. The House of Commons on Monday rejected a motion by Britain's opposition Conservative Party calling for a formal inquiry into the decision to go to war in Iraq. A 14-year-old boy in southern Russia has been charged with killing his father with a sledgehammer after his parents tried to stop him from playing computer games, officials said Tuesday. When you talk to Harry Connick Jr., it is quickly apparent he knows how to improvise. We're not referring to the composer/actor's piano playing, but to the fact that balancing a career that moves among Hollywood, Broadway, concert halls and the patent office requires you to be loose. Thailand's Chawalit Plaphol led the Asian charge at the TCL Classic on Thursday, shooting a spectacular eight-under-par 64 for a share of the first round lead with England's rising star Paul Casey and Swedish duo Johan Edfors and Fredrik Andersson Hed. George W. Comstock, 92, who conducted influential studies on the prevention and treatment of tuberculosis, a lung disease that remains a leading cause of death in much of the world, died July 15 at his home in Smithsburg, Md. He had prostate cancer. Slobodan Milosevic walked into a U.N. tribunal courtroom Tuesday without lawyers to represent him against charges of war crimes against ethnic Albanians in Kosovo in 1999. For the fifth consecutive year, San Francisco has been named the top major U.S. market for real estate investment by the industry's most widely cited survey released Wednesday.
t9608 About 2,000 Maori activists scored a victory here Thursday with the passing of a deadline for them to vacate a city park as authorities backed down amid heightened racial tensions. Paul Tracy pushed his way to the front and held off rookie Robert Doornbos on the final lap to win his third Grand Prix of Cleveland, ending Seabastien Bourdais' three-race winning streak on Sunday. Former Liverpool great Robbie Fowler signed Tuesday with Perth Glory for the 2010/11 Australian domestic season, ending speculation about the former England international's new playing home. Everyone agrees that the quality of financial reporting by companies must be improved if investors are to regain their trust in Corporate America and the capital markets. Up to 200 workers were believed trapped in the rubble of an eight-storey factory that collapsed in Bangladesh Monday and six people were confirmed killed, officials said. Autumn showcases the Big Apple at its ripest, certainly one of the loveliest times to take in an ambling city stroll. Sean ``P. Diddy'' Combs launched his new album, as police investigated allegations that he ran a red light and almost hit a pedestrian while driving a Ferrari last month. Ivanov said the slight change will not affect the Japanese Foreign Ministry, meanwhile inviting his Japanese counterpart Yohei Kono, who is staying at his original post in the reshuffle," to visit Russia before the end of this year or at the beginning of the next year."
t7808 Film production and distribution company Miramax Films announced Friday it was delaying the US release of the British film "Priest" which deals with the sexual desires of clerics. An online financial service company said Thursday it has obtained approval from Malaysia's central bank to issue prepaid cards, which are similar to credit cards but have a stored value. Ericsson reported a worse than expected 30 percent slump in net profit in the first quarter as the Swedish telecoms equipment giant suffered from weak sales. When scientists at Celera Genomics announced two years ago that they had decoded the human genome, they said the genetic data came from anonymous donors and presented it as a universal human map. But the scientist who led the effort, Dr. J. Craig Venter, now says that the genome Pope John Paul II considered resigning five years ago, according to his final testament released Thursday by the Vatican, and also thought about being buried in his native Poland. One of the trickiest, and most important, parts of selling or buying a home is deciding how much it is worth. President Bush, previewing this week's summit in Italy, proposed on Tuesday that the World Bank give grants to the world's least-developed countries instead of more loans they can't repay. Following are the English premier league standings after Saturday's matches (tabulated under games played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against, points):
t4806 The Pakistan government has decided to privatize a commercial bank with total assets of six billion dollars and reserves of around 69 billion dollars, an official said Thursday. Fearful of a looming humanitarian disaster, Israel will allow food and other basic supplies into the Gaza Strip following Hamas' takeover of the coastal area, a senior government minister said Saturday. EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton voiced concern Monday at "deficiencies" in Sudan's landmark multi-party elections, calling for the problems to be addressed. The Bush administration Monday played down the significance of a newly released video depicting Osama bin Laden, his top lieutenant and a man thought to be one of the Sept. 11 hijackers. Officials argued that the footage provides no new evidence that the Al Qaeda leader or his top Kenyan athletics officials on Wednesday expressed optimism that the east African nation would win a bid to host the 2007 world cross country championships over the United States and Spain. Nineteen South Korean Christian volunteers abducted by Taliban militiamen in Afghanistan more than five weeks ago appeared to be on the brink of release Tuesday after negotiators for both sides said they had struck a deal that should set them free within days. ``Va Savoir (Who Knows?),'' the newest movie from Jacques Rivette, is the opening-night film of the 39th New York Film Festival, which will run from Sept. 28 through Oct. 14. European champion Yevgeny Pluschenko scored an impressive start in the season as he turned in near-perfect performance to win the Gelsenkirchen Grand Prix figure skating event on Saturday.
t6053 Representatives of 52 nations on Monday launched a European Stability Pact aimed at stifling potential conflicts in former communist eastern and central Europe. U.S. and Iraqi forces launched attacks on Baghdad's northern and southern flanks to clear out Sunni insurgents, al-Qaida fighters and Shiite militiamen who had fled the capital and Anbar during a four-month-old security operation, military officials said. Oklahoma City Thunder coach Scott Brooks was named the NBA Coach of the Year on Wednesday after guiding his team to the most improved record in the league and a playoff berth. Every year, Americans spend $27 billion on alternative medicine: potions, pills, and treatments that fly from the shelves of health food stores, supported more by the hopes and expectations of their users than by rigorous scientific research. Former world chess champion Bobby Fischer awoke on Friday to the first day of his new life as a resident of Iceland, where he is seeking refuge from a pending US arrest warrant. Opening in Hollywood FRIDAY "Across the Universe" -- The Beatles definitely played an important part in inspiring this love story of Jude (Jim Sturgess) and Lucy (Evan Rachel Wood), who meet on the streets of 1960s Liverpool. With Joe Anderson. PG-13 for some drug content, nudity, sexuality, violence and U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and Germany's chancellor pressed Japan on Friday to ratify the Kyoto treaty, arguing that it has a ``special responsibility'' as the country where the global warming accord was born. The Xiaojuren (little giant) Machine Building Co. Ltd. in northwest China's Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region was recently conferred the title of "Outstanding Sophisticated Technological Enterprise" granted by Nihon Keizai Shimbun of Japan.
t3978 A total 28 people have died in a blaze that ripped through an upper storey hotel in the northeastern Chinese city of Anshan, the Xinhua news agency said Tuesday. Censors have cut scenes of Chow Yun-Fat as a bald, scarred pirate in the new "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie, saying they insult China's people, the main state news agency said Friday. The ex-Soviet state of Belarus has imposed major restrictions on its airspace and cancelled several flights due to the ash cloud from the Iceland volcano eruption, officials said Saturday. The uniforms were powder blue, the inscription across the chests an unpronounceable jumble of consonants, and the play -- sometimes dominant, sometimes dumbfounding -- was vintage Lakers. Indian environmental organization The Center for Science and Environment (CSE) has won the 150,000-dollar (114,000-euro) Stockholm Water Prize for its work to improve water management, the prize committee said on Tuesday. Improving the safety of U.S. imports will require boosting the quality of the manufacturing process and expanding the use of technology, two members of a presidential working group said Friday. They said, however, that this could not be accomplished through blanket inspections. Gen. Augusto Pinochet cannot be tried on human rights charges because of his deteriorating health and mental condition, a divided court ruled Monday, effectively bringing the 85-year-old former dictator's legal troubles to an end. Five local intermediate people' s courts Wednesday sentenced 14 people to death, including three with a two-year reprieve, in the first verdicts on a major smuggling case in the east China port city of Xiamen.
t8022 The Iranian-backed Hezbollah claimed an explosion in south Lebanon Saturday which it said killed four pro-Israeli militiamen, but which the militia said left one civilian dead. Ricky Martin, Brooks &amp; Dunn, Tim Robbins, Cate Blanchette, Howie Mandel and the late George Harrison are among the celebrities being enshrined next year with Hollywood Walk of Fame stars. Blackpool moved into the Championship play-off places as DJ Campbell secured a 1-0 win at Peterborough just days after being arrested. Neither Odalis Perez nor Eric Gagne were even alive when Dr. Frank Jobe pioneered the medical miracle of Tommy John surgery, in which a tendon is taken from the forearm and transplanted into the elbow. Over 70 followers of a slain rebel preacher were killed and the army suffered dozens of casualties in two days of fierce clashes in northwest Yemen that ended with the army taking control of rebel positions, tribal sources said Friday. We're trying to be a little more spontaneous, to try different medical shows, to experiment with alternate fruits. Plums seem to be our default fruit, and we've been watching "ER" for, like, forever. So every once in a while, my wife and I make a conscious effort to change A Minneapolis City Council member resigned Tuesday after pleading guilty to extorting $10,000 from a grocery store chain owner who had a regulatory matter before the council. Italian artist Michelangelo may have depicted a woman with breast cancer in one of his sculptures, according to a report by U.S. researchers.
t2324 Just two years ago Bernard Tapie was a serious contender for President of France. On Monday he goes into the dock at Valenciennes to face trial for corruption and interfering with witnesses. Don Herbert, who as television's "Mr. Wizard" introduced generations of young viewers to the joys of science, died Tuesday. He was 89. President Barack Obama Thursday set a bold new course for the future of US space travel, planning to send American astronauts into Mars orbit within the next three decades. Tom Mator figures he would be dead by now if not for the battery-powered heart pump surgeons installed in his abdomen about 21 months ago. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice called Saturday on the United States and Japan to find a formal way to work together on foreign aid so the top donors could coordinate their development plans. About half of the public thinks the Supreme Court is generally balanced in its decisions, but a growing number of Americans say the court has become ``too conservative'' in the two years since President Bush began nominating justices, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll. The number of Americans filing new claims for state unemployment insurance rose last week after falling for three weeks in a row. The jump provided fresh evidence that the struggling economy continues to take a toll on workers. Zambia's Supreme Court has declared founding president Kenneth Kaunda a Zambian citizen, overturning an earlier lower court ruling which declared him stateless, Zambia Times reported on Tuesday.
t2032 Great Britain athletics team manager Verona Elder said Thursday that Olympic and world 100m champion Linford Christie would definitely not run at the world indoor championships here. The Palestinian information minister urged the European Union on Tuesday to recognize the Palestinian unity government and resume direct financial aid, saying the international embargo was contributing to the deteriorating situation in Gaza and the West Bank. Fast lending growth by Chinese banks, as a result of Beijing's efforts to lift its sagging economy last year, is hurting asset quality and causing an "asset bubble", Fitch Ratings warned Wednesday. The Securities and Exchange Commission and a group of creditors of the Enron Corp. agreed on Thursday to ask a bankruptcy judge in New York to appoint an independent examiner to investigate Enron's collapse and potential conflicts of interest in the bankruptcy case. Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf's mother Friday visited the Indian university she attended more than 60 years ago, as part of a trip that comes amid warming ties between the South Asian rivals. At 62, Justin Cartwright is a senior member of a masterful generation of English novelists that includes Martin Amis, Ian McEwan, Salman Rushdie and Kazuo Ishiguro. Two former Rutgers basketball players and a team manager who said they were forced to do naked wind sprints can sue their former coaches, an appellate court has ruled. The Egyptian government has decided to issue U.S. dollar bonds in world markets, an important step to attract foreign investments, the official Middle East News Agency reported on Monday.
t7277 Israel will on Friday start easing a ban on vehicles entering from the self-rule Gaza Strip, imposed after a foiled truck bombing in the south of the country. The voice and face of the world's most notorious terrorist has become the subject of a legal dispute in the Jose Padilla trial as defense lawyers seek to prevent prosecutors from playing in court a decade-old television interview of al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden. Thailand's political crisis has spread to the rural northeast, where protesters have blockaded a military train and detained hundreds of troops, officials said Thursday. Always the motivator, Los Angeles Kings coach Andy Murray scrawled just one message for his team on the dressing-room bulletin board before a team meeting Wednesday morning. The Islamist movement Hamas is ready to join the Palestine Liberation Organisation, which groups together all the major Palestinian factions, one of its main leaders said Monday. Parents scoured children's playrooms and retailers scurried to clear their shelves after manufacturers ordered a series of recalls this summer, saying millions of popular toys might have been made with lead paint. A suicide attacker set off a bomb at a train station in northern Israel on Monday, killing himself and two Israelis and injuring four other people, police and hospital officials said. The Indonesian National Police questioned here Thursday a daughter of former President Soeharto, Siti Hutami Endang Adiningsih "Mamiek" who was named a suspect in an illegal gun ownership case, police said.
t2691 Sierra Leone rebels killed 21 civilians in two attacks near the southeastern town of Kenema earlier this week, journalists in the area said Friday. Swiss prosecutors said Wednesday they will file an appeal against a lower court verdict that acquitted all 19 top executives and consultants in the collapse of former national carrier Swissair. European stock markets steadied on Thursday as concerns about the Greek debt crisis offset positive US earnings and strong Chinese economic growth data, dealers said. Jason Williams' college basketball career didn't end with a championship, but he already has one of those. Sunday he received an honor he hadn't previously achieved, winning the 26th John R. Wooden Award as the nation's top male player. Sam Hornish captured his first Indy Racing League victory since last season's opening race on Saturday, but Scotland's Dario Franchitti begrudged his trip to victory lane. Was Sumner Redstone's obsession with the creator of the video game ``Mortal Kombat'' the root of the family drama that has pitted the media mogul against his daughter and one-time heir apparent, Shari Redstone? Experiments show that genes used in cloning often fail to work properly, causing serious abnormalities in mice, a finding that confirms the belief of many researchers that the method used to clone Dolly the sheep should not be used on humans. American astronaut William Shepherd and his two Russian teammates opened the hatch of the International Space Station as its first long-term inhabitants early Thursday morning, 90 minutes after the docking of Russia's Soyuz capsule and the station, according to a NASA TV live broadcast.
t1362 The Malawi government has appointed forensic experts to exhume bodies of four politicians murdered in 1983 and determine how they were killed, the defense counsel in the trial of ex-President Kamuzu Banda and his top aides said Tuesday. Authorities at Miami International Airport detained a sick passenger Monday who had been on a British Airways flight from London, but health experts determined that she was not contagious and did not have an infectious disease. Marseille will be looking to close down the French Ligue 1 title race when they travel to Sochaux on Wednesday as Bordeaux bid to put their poor form behind them against struggling Le Mans. The escalation of violence in the Middle East is spotlighting some nagging negatives that could keep investors wondering about about the outlook for the stock market for some time. At least two dozen students were arrested Thursday after staging an anti-monarchy protest in the centre of Kathmandu in defiance of a ban on public rallies, an AFP correspondent witnessed. So while former White House political director Sara M. Taylor sat in the Senate klieg light last week trying to figure out which questions might violate executive privilege and which ones might not, where were the White House lawyers? Boxer Beethavean Scottland died Monday night, nearly a week after he was knocked unconscious in the final round of a bout on the aircraft carrier Intrepid. The Index, introduced in August 1995, tracks the overall performance of 49 China's state-owned enterprises listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
t1187 Iraq on Monday said its army clashed overnight with Kurdish fighters in northern Iraq, the official news agency INA reported. The United States and Russia are working on a plan to transfer $25 million (euro18.7 million) in once frozen North Korean funds held at an Asian bank, a move aimed at reviving stalled nuclear disarmament efforts. The international Red Cross warned Tuesday that a rainy season peaking in mid- May would spark "minor disasters" in Haiti, where 1.3 million people remain homeless after January's deadly quake. The forecast for opening day was not encouraging. It was supposed to warm up to 41, winds of 40 to 50 mph were predicted, and the chance of rain was 90 percent. India's future as a venue for major international tournaments was under threat as the International Cricket Council's powerful Executive Board began a two-day session here on Thursday. Radioactive fallout near the site of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant disaster in Northern Ukraine has dampened populations of brightly colored birds more than their drab cousins, scientists reported this week. Exactly three months after the U.S. Navy EP-3E spy plane made an emergency landing on China's Hainan island, it began returning in pieces to U.S. custody, officials said Monday. Another 500,000 people in Gansu Province in northwest China are expected to get out of poverty by the end of this year, said a government official.
t4430 A cargo ship carrying reprocessed nuclear waste from France to Japan appeared to be heading for Cape Horn despite protests from Brazil, Argentine and Chile, the environmental group Greenpeace said Wednesday. Jordan on Friday threw its support behind Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas after his Fatah faction's loss of Gaza to Hamas, saying he is the legitimate leader of the Palestinians. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso on Sunday ordered a detailed probe into the economic fallout from the biggest airspace shutdown since World War II. For a span of 10 days, the Bruins were asked if they were worried because of the way they were playing down the stretch. They had an overtime loss to the Islanders, a loss to the Rangers, another overtime loss at New Jersey, a tie with Tampa Bay, and The Pentagon stands by its decision to exonerate US troops accused of mistreating three Iraqis working for the British news agency Reuters, a spokesman said Tuesday. William (Mark Webber) is a 20-year-old actor born in Texas and raised in New York after his parents divorced when he was a child. Some 15 years later, the trauma is still fresh in his mind, sparking flashbacks to his conception and, later, to his father's advice never to The Arkansas Supreme Court says it will automatically review death row cases even if the condemned inmate doesn't want anyone to try to save his life. Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo Ponce De Leon will be making an official visit to Singapore starting Sunday, the Singapore Foreign Ministry announced Friday.
t8559 Turkish forces have killed 172 Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) separatists and lost 17 soldiers since their incursion into northern Iraq a week ago, an army spokesman said Monday. Spanish police believe the armed Basque separatist group ETA may have set up a working base in southern Portugal and had planned to attack tourism targets in Spain with explosives police discovered this week in an abandoned car, news reports said Friday. Thai authorities will retake the anti-government protest site in Bangkok, the prime minister said Sunday in a television address made with the army chief, without disclosing when. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Quebec's independence party, accused of having accepted 100,000 dollars (82,000 US dollars) in Canada's roiling advertising scandal, wants to return the money to the public purse, a party vice president said Friday. A federal judge barred the Bush administration Wednesday from launching a planned crackdown on U.S. firms that hire illegal immigrants, warning of its potentially "staggering" impact on law-abiding workers and companies. Food, housing and health care costs ate into consumers' wallets last month, but lower energy prices helped to moderate inflation. The second inter-Korean reunions for the separated family members moved the whole Korean nation to tears Thursday like the first one.
t6359 China pledged Tuesday to give "full support" to more than 6,OOO Chinese Moslems expected to join the annual pilgrimage to Mecca, despite worries about strengthening ties with foreign Islamic movements. Taliban militants overran a district in southern Afghanistan and are pushing for control of another key area, sparking fierce clashes with NATO and Afghan forces that have left more than 100 people dead over three days, officials said Tuesday. The newly-elected governor of Khartoum warned on Wednesday against protests disintegrating into chaos after results of Sudan's first competitive polls in over two decades are announced. Launching their quest on Sunday for a third straight NBA crown, the Los Angeles Lakers lacked the dominance they displayed in their 15-1 run to last year's championship. Nonetheless, relying again on Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal, the Lakers had enough to dispatch the Portland Trail Blazers, 95-87, at Theo Bos and compatriot Teun Mulder did the Netherlands proud at the world track cycling championships here on Friday after winning the men's kilometre time-trial and the keirin. Last year, to celebrate Hillary Rodham Clinton's Senate reelection victory in New York , Norman Hsu capped a successful year as a Democratic fundraiser by treating members of her campaign staff to several days at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas, complete with free show tickets and dinners at posh The St. Louis Cardinals moved the organization's two top batting coaches Friday, reassigning Mike Easler to the minors and elevating Mitchell Page. A consortium of Japanese broadcasters has agreed to pay an estimated 6.3 Billion Yen (58 million U.S. dollars) for domestic land-based television rights for the 2002 World Cup finals, it was reported on Sunday.
t1870 British pharmaceutical giant Glaxo's nine-billion-pound takeover bid for compatriot Wellcome closed at 1500 GMT on Wednesday, with Glaxo almost certain to become the world's leading drugs company, analysts said. The death toll from flooding and landslides in southern China has risen to at least 76, with more rain forecast for the area, state media reported Tuesday. Chinese rescuers pulled out more than 900 people alive from ruined buildings after a quake hit its remote northwest Wednesday, killing at least 400 and injuring thousands more, state media said. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Friday, April 5, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. German stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse said Friday it was taking measures to appease some of its rebel shareholders, notably big Anglo-Saxon investment funds, who recently forced the company to abandon its bid to buy the London Stock Exchange. The long decline in sexual activity among U.S. teenagers, hailed as one of the nation's most important social and public health successes, appears to have stalled. A state appeals court has delayed the attempted-murder trial of a former Symbionese Liberation Army fugitive so the defense can study 23,000 pages of evidence belatedly disclosed by the prosecution. Avshalom Vilan, Knesset (parliament) member from Israel's left-wing Meretz Party, held a secret meeting Saturday night with Palestinian Preventive Security Force chief Gabril Rajoub, Israel Radio said Sunday.
t7237 The Indonesian government has criticised UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali for his handling of a plan to host talks among parties in the East Timor crisis, Antara reported Thursday. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, addressing his people on TV Wednesday, harshly criticized the Islamic Hamas for attacking "national symbols" during its takeover of Gaza last week, referring to them as "murderous terrorists." Scientists in Bangladesh posed a fresh challenge to the UN's top climate change panel Thursday, saying its doomsday forecasts for the country in the body's landmark 2007 report were overblown. Public School 18 is housed in a clean and modern building on a quiet street in Queens Village. The surrounding neighborhood of modest single-family homes is immaculate. The pupil population at Public School 18 is ethnically diverse, and the parents are unusually active and committed to the school. A man who reached an out-of-court settlement with Michael Jackson in a 1993 sexual abuse case will refuse to testify against the pop star in his current molestation trial, the accuser's uncle said Monday. The national autoworkers strike against General Motors forced an U.S. auto-parts maker to lay off hundreds of workers and already is disrupting the Canadian economy, with the union president there predicting as many as 100,000 layoffs by the weekend if it continues. Robert Downey Jr. pleaded no contest Monday to two cocaine-related charges in a plea bargain that will keep the actor out of jail. Mozambican journalists and politicians Thursday expressed deep shock on the murder of Carlos Cardoso, editor-in-chief and owner of the country's independent newspaper Metical.
t5813 President Burhanuddin Rabbani's forces smashed through Taliban lines southeast of Kabul Sunday to inflict a second stunning defeat in a week, but the student-led movement resisted an attack in the west, an official spokesman said. Israeli soldiers and Palestinian gunmen exchanged fire Monday at the Erez crossing between Israel and Gaza, killing one Palestinian and wounding at least 10, the Israeli rescue service and Palestinian hospital officials said. Australia's Prime Minister Kevin Rudd Tuesday won the support of all but one of the country's states for a planned overhaul of the health system. As ever, the Portland Trail Blazers will arrive in Los Angeles this weekend with enough baggage to fill an entire fleet of UPS brown vans. Three months after giant waves plundered Indian Ocean coastlines without warning, the passion to build a regional tsunami warning system has given way to a realization that safety is local. Superior Court Judge Larry Paul Fidler took about 35 minutes to issue final legal instructions to the jury before sending the members out of the courtroom to begin their work at about 10:45 a.m. The Tampa Bay Devil Rays activated right-hander Esteban Yan from the 15-day disabled list Thursday and optioned right-hander Jesus Colome to Triple-A Durham. Ecuador beat Venezuela 2-1 in a 2002 World Cup qualifying match of the South American group on Wednesday and moved a step closer to qualifying for the tournament.
t8072 The editor of the British weekly Independent on Sunday, Ian Jack, announced Saturday he was resigning to take up the editorship of a literary magazine. President Vladimir Putin said Thursday that no one should try to make Russia feel guilty about one of the most notorious episodes of the Stalinist era -- the so-called Great Purge of 1937 -- saying that "in other countries even worse things happened." Calls mounted in Germany on Saturday for Greece to consider leaving the eurozone after Athens begged for a 45 billion euro (60 billion dollar) EU and IMF lifeline to relieve its debt crisis. Layoffs and firings are never good news. Still, full and proper disclosure can make such difficult times easier to weather _ both for those who lose and those who keep their jobs. The funeral ceremony for Pope John Paul II began Friday in Saint Peter's Square in front of a seething mass of mourners and state leaders. Key lawmakers have crafted a bipartisan House resolution that urges a group of nations engaged in nuclear trade to place toughly worded constraints on future nuclear dealings with India. Two astronauts ventured out on a spacewalk and hooked up air tanks on the international space station's new entryway early Wednesday following a brief yet critical computer breakdown. Czech Petr Korda is planning to come out of ban and retirement to play on December 5 at an ATP Challenger event, a year and a half after he was pared away from the court because of a positive drug test in 1998.
t5712 US Defence Secretary William Perry has met Saudi King Fahd at the start of a Gulf tour aimed at tightening enforcement of the embargo on Iraq, the official agency SPA said Sunday. The euro was stronger against the U.S. dollar on Monday as traders drove up the common currency on the back of weaker-than-expected U.S. inflation figures from last week. The time has come for governments to switch their economic fire from stimulus to fighting dangerous budget deficits, the IMF's chief economist said on Tuesday. With the Roman Catholic Church weathering one case after another of priests who sexually abused boys, the Catholic faithful are asking whether there is a closeted culture of homosexuality in the priesthood, and if so whether it is connected to the sexual abuse problem. The United States was non-committal Thursday on a French push to try war crimes from Sudan's Darfur region in an international tribunal rejected by Washington. The United Nations has delayed the release of a quarterly report on human rights in Iraq to avoid criticizing Washington and Baghdad while they are seeking to rally congressional and international support for the war effort, according to U.N. officials. Shares of Yahoo! Inc. surged over 7 percent in trading Thursday after the Internet bellwether's second-quarter earnings edged past analysts' expectations. Ji Fengmin from Gansu has been doing businesses at the market for five years. "I am satisfied with my business here," he said.
t8224 Russian border guards here seized 640 million rubles (130,000 dollars) hidden on a plane by a flight engineer arriving from Kyrgyzstan, ITAR- TASS news agency reported Sunday. For years, the writer Laura Albert went to strange lengths to hide her identity behind an alter ego named JT LeRoy. Twenty20 may have spawned movie star-backed franchises and a frantic dash for cash, but the world championship is a reminder of how nation against nation contests remain central to cricket. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com John Paul II's coffin contains a lead tube that includes a text read during his funeral highlighting major moments of his life of 84 years, 10 months and 15 days. It was midmorning in one of the poorest countries on earth, and the daily traffic of battered trucks, motorcycles and donkeys bounced along the lumpy sand streets of this hot desert town. American Express Co. warned of significantly lower second-quarter earnings and announced plans to slash another 4,000 to 5,000 jobs this year in a bid to cut costs amid a lingering economic slowdown. The NBA club Houston Rockets said its rookie center Jason Collier will undergo an arthroscopic surgery on Tuesday morning for a torn cartilage in his right knee and is expected to be sidelined for three to four weeks.
t8151 Vietnam's greatest war hero Sunday presided over celebrations to mark the 20th anniversary of the fall of Hue to the communists, as veterans of the battle shrugged off the bitterness of the past. The administration was sharply divided over the legality of President George W. Bush's most controversial eavesdropping policies, a congressman quoted former Attorney General John Ashcroft as telling a House panel Thursday. A death row prisoner in the western US state of Utah has chosen to die by firing squad, even though this execution method has been banned almost in every US state, including Utah itself. For many years, the Islanders wallowed in the past. It was not their fault. The players certainly did not encourage it. But they knew they were dwarfed by the banners from the four Stanley Cups and the retired numbers of the ancient heroes of Long Island. President Pervez Musharraf is to make a state visit to the Philippines on April 18-20, the first by a leader of Pakistan, the presidential palace here said Friday. The world may not have been enough for James Bond girl Denise Richards, and her L.A. house may not have been large enough for this single mom and her two daughters. Consumer inflation edged up last month as electricity prices continued to surge, while the cost of gasoline and other energy products retreated. The seventh training protocol between Rolls-Royce and the General Administration of Civil Aviation of China (CAAC) was signed in Beijing Tuesday, as the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the training programs was celebrated.
t4312 Forces loyal to Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani claimed they had notched up gains Wednesday as they launched new attacks on the Taliban student militia to the south and west of Kabul. The North Carolina district attorney who prosecuted three university lacrosse players on charges of raping a stripper acknowledged Friday in his own ethics trial that he made some inappropriate statements during the investigation. Bulgaria partially reopened its airspace Sunday for flights to the south and south east of the country, after a total shutdown earlier in the morning, the transport ministry said. The Immigration and Naturalization Service mailed out visa extensions last month for two of the Sept. 11 hijackers. The Federal Aviation Administration is still sending newsletters to at least one of the other dead terrorists. Croatian first division side Dinamo Zagreb, at an all time low after a spate of poor results, on Tuesday sacked their coach Ilija Loncarevic. Opinions are by Los Angeles Times reviewers. Ratings by the Motion Picture Association of America are: (G) for general audiences; (PG) parental guidance urged because of material possibly unsuitable for children; (PG-13) parents are strongly cautioned to give guidance for attendance of children younger than 13; (R) restricted, younger Jim Marshall, the former Minnesota Viking who started more games than any defensive player in NFL history, is in the Mayo Clinic after fracturing a vetebra and breaking his ribs in an auto accident. Nicaragua's President Arnoldo Aleman said Tuesday it is unnecessary to form an alliance with the Conservative Party (PC) in the 2001 presidential elections, the local media reported.
t2982 American A.J. Kitt accused skiing officials of corruption here on Saturday, in a furious outburst after a controversial World Cup downhill race. As President George W. Bush pressed lawmakers to get immigration reform back on track, immigrants across the U.S. were marching, praying, writing lawmakers and hitting the road for Washington in a desperate push to revive the stalled measure. An independent panel was Thursday to to release its sensitive report on the 2007 slaying of Pakistani ex-premier Benazir Bhutto after complying with Islamabad's request for a two-week delay. The Treasury's inflation-indexed savings bonds, which were such a good deal before last November, are being ravaged by low inflation. Two people were killed and 14 wounded in Iraq's main northern city of Mosul Sunday when gunmen attacked the funeral of a senior police officer slain hours earlier in a suicide bombing, police and medics said. A federal judge in Los Angeles banned the U.S. Navy from using high-powered sonar in nearly a dozen upcoming training exercises off Southern California, ruling Monday that its use could ``cause irreparable harm to the environment.'' U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper issued the preliminary injunction after rejecting the Navy's After a decade of work, the last of 250 satellite monitoring stations was installed this week in a network that will allow earthquake scientists to measure with unprecedented precision the slightest movements of the Earth's crust. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak's security advisor said on Friday that the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) is trying to stop outbreak of violent clashes between Palestinians and the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), despite gunbattles Thursday night.
t4960 The dollar suffered Thursday afternoon on the London foreign exchange market after the Bundesbank kept its key interest rates steady, but the greenback rallied later on due to rumors of intervention by the US Federal Reserve. North Korea invited U.N. nuclear inspectors in the first concrete sign of a breakthrough in a stalemate over its nuclear program, as the transfer of frozen North Korean funds at the center of the dispute neared completion. Pakistan's President Asif Ali Zardari on Monday signed into law sweeping constitutional reforms that strip him of key powers in a move to bolster parliamentary democracy weakened by military rule. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Wednesday, April 17, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. Hot on the heels of the Federal Reserve's tough new line on inflation came alarming news Wednesday that US consumer prices posted their biggest gain in four months in February. By letting workers bypass these now-ubiquitous arbitration clauses, the ruling probably will add to the high volume of back pay and overtime class-action cases already on court dockets, experts say. The economy and religious freedom in Hong Kong were on the agenda for President Bush's meeting Wednesday with the embattled chief executive of the Chinese-ruled territory. A new strain of wheat with a 9, 000-kilogram output per hectare, now under research, is expected to be put into production within the next five years.
t910 Japan's Fair Trade Commission brought a criminal action Monday against nine electronics companies, including Hitachi Ltd. and Toshiba Corp., over alleged bid-rigging for public sewage projects, officials said. Thousands of families that allege vaccines caused their children's autism are preparing for their day in court, which could bring them vindication and compensation. South Korea's central bank Monday sharply raised its 2010 growth forecast to 5.2 percent, the fastest in four years, citing strong exports and improving domestic demand. Colonel Jibril Rajoub, head of Preventive Security in the West Bank, was until very recently described by Israeli leaders as one of the few Palestinian principals not involved in attacks on the Jewish state. President George W. Bush and other top US officials on Wednesday gave high profile support to the family of a Belfast man believed murdered by IRA members in a case which has inflamed Northern Ireland's peace process. Prince William County, Va., supervisors voted unanimously Tuesday night to approve a resolution that targets illegal immigrants by attempting to curb their access to public services and increasing immigration enforcement by local police. American Village is the kind of place where many believe Okinawa's future can be found. Trendy and new, its boutiques attract crowds of tourists _ Okinawa's prime source of income _ from all over the country during the day. As a regional economy, Taiwan can only send ministerial level officials to attend meetings of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC), Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Zhu Bangzao said here today at a regular press conference in response to a relevant question.
t8395 Phnom Penh government troops pounded the Khmer Rouge village of Phume Kala Ngueab with rockets early Monday, sending nearby Thai villagers into bomb shelters and prompting a Thai army unit to fire warning shots. In Moscow and Washington, Russian and U.S. leaders expressed deep hopes that relations between their countries would improve. Then they offered fresh criticisms in spats over issues including missile defense, the future of Serbia's breakaway Kosovo province and Moscow's human rights record. Rock-throwing Palestinians clashed with Israeli police on Sunday near a march being held by Israeli rightwingers through a tense neighbourhood of annexed Arab east Jerusalem. ``The people of Congo,'' said Levy Mwanawasa, the president of Zambia, last month in his capital of Lusaka, ``are waiting with baited breath for a positive outcome of the Sun City talks.'' That's how Agence France-Presse spelled the adjective modifying the noun breath. In many African countries, Roman Catholics flocked to churches for services coinciding with Friday's Vatican requiem mass for Pope John Paul II, while others watched television relay broadcasts in nations where mourning was declared. They're wrong. Far from being an exclusionary tool, the new test, which will be given to legal resident aliens who apply for citizenship after Oct. 1, 2008, is actually a rare mechanism for immigrant inclusion, the kind our country needs more of. The European Union fined eight companies from Germany, Japan and the United States a total of about $189 million on Wednesday for operating a secret cartel in graphite electrodes _ a fast-growing segment of the steel industry. A natural reserve for birds has been developed in Weishan Yi and Hui Autonomous County in southwest China's Yunnan Province.
t6085 Britain's Secretary of State for Transport Brian Mawhinney said Monday the government is to sell the three passenger rolling stock leasing companies, or ROSCOs, by the end of the year. Yahoo Inc. Chairman Terry Semel stepped down as chief executive in a surprise move, ending his increasingly ineffectual pursuit of online search leader Google Inc. -- a losing battle that had demoralized Yahoo's shareholders and employees. K.J. Choi, the South Korean star who played alongside Tiger Woods in all four rounds at the Masters, said Wednesday he expects a strong season from the world number one despite a sex scandal. Staley T. McBrayer, a publisher of small Texas newspapers and a tinkerer who turned a castoff offset press designed to print small circulars into a printing press that revolutionized the industry, died on Sunday in Fort Worth. He was 92. As every year at Easter, blood flows at Verbicaro, a village in southern Calabria where old tradition dies hard and flagellation makes up a very real part of worship for Good Friday. For several years, the General Services Administration has urged other federal agencies to set up telecommuting programs. Now, GSA plans a big push on its home turf. The U.S.-based group Human Rights Watch accused Pakistan on Friday of defying U.N. sanctions by continuing to send arms and ammunition to the Taliban army that rules neighboring Afghanistan. Ecuador's trade with Asian countries grew by 11.92 percent in the first nine months of 2000 over the same period of 1999, the Central Bank of Ecuador reported Thursday.
t8092 Ghana admitted Saturday that more than 100 people died in tribal clashes nearly two weeks ago in the northeast of the country. In his bitter wrangling with Hamas over legitimacy, Mahmoud Abbas on Thursday won the backing of the PLO, and a top aide said the beleaguered Palestinian president is also considering calling presidential and legislative elections to strengthen his position. Iran coach Afshin Qotbi has targetted a place in the next round after the Asian Cup finals draw placed Iran with defending champions and neighbours Iraq, media reported on Saturday. The Man Group, a British hedge fund, is betting that investors will want to read more than the latest how-to-get-rich-quick business book. India's exports surged 24 percent to a record 80 billion dollars for the year ended March, but a soaring oil import bill meant the country still ran a trade deficit, Trade Minister Kamal Nath said Friday. Interviews, internal bulletins and a recent field survey of U-Haul equipment indicate that management is pushing employees and dealers to be more vigilant about inspections. Initiation schools have long been a respected African rite-of-passage: monthslong camps drenched in machismo and secrecy that transform African boys into men. Argentina's Boca Juniors ended European champions run to pocket the World Club Cup by defeating Real Madrid of Spain 2-1 here on Tuesday.
t5085 Operation Determined Effort, the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation evacuation of United Nations forces from Bosnia, will be ready for implementation if necessary in a few weeks, NATO sources said Friday. A fire tore through a house in a central Russian region on Sunday, killing nine people, including four children, emergency officials said. The chairman of Thailand's leading opposition party said Monday he had requested an audience with the revered king to help resolve the country's political crisis. There is a constant buzz around the sunny West Wing office of Condoleezza Rice, President Bush's national security adviser. On a recent afternoon people were scurrying in and out, trying to grab her attention, seeking her counsel. Rice welcomes yet another visitor and expresses relief that, for a few The United States supports the efforts of the transitional government to stabilize Somalia, but has no plans to engage in nation-building in the troubled Horn of Africa country, the commander of US forces in the region said Wednesday. So he paid a visit to the North Bellmore school and did some teaching of his own. "I explained to the teacher, and the teacher explained to all the kids," he said. Public money cannot be used to build a new $250 million arena for the relocating Vancouver Grizzlies without a public vote, Chancery Judge Walter Evans ruled Wednesday. Iraq exported 10.6 million barrels of oil, earning 299 million U.S. dollars under the "oil-for-food" program in the week leading up to November 10, the United Nations Office of Iraq Program reported Tuesday.
t8191 Malaysian Defence Minister Najib Tun Razak said Sunday that all of the country's 18 Russian-made MiG-29 Fulcrum jet fighters would be fully operational by the end of next month. Accidental damage to an undersea fiber-optics cable left millions of people without Internet service in five Latin American countries, the cable's owner said Thursday. Australia's disgraced rugby league champions Melbourne Storm vowed "no surrender" on Saturday in the wake of a salary cap scandal which has cost the club two titles and left it fighting for survival. Following are excerpts from comments by Prince Saud al-Faisal, the Saudi foreign minister, Sunday on an agreement in the Ramallah standoff, as recorded by The New York Times. The dollar firmed against the euro and yen Friday ahead of a speech by US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and after central bank officials suggested US interest rates could rise at a faster pace, analysts said. A Santa Monica judge ordered the former football star to turn over his gold submariner Rolex watch, estimated to be worth between $12,000 and $22,000, to the family. Hoping to move beyond its 94 percent plunge in second-quarter earnings, Intel Corp. plans to crank up production of its high-end Pentium 4 chips as part of an all-out effort to tempt computer buyers. Chile has become a model for other Latin American countries in foreign trade promotion with its opening-up policy, said the visiting Director General of the World Trade Organization (WTO) Mike Moore on Monday.
t9386 The appeals of Benetton's Michael Schumacher and Williams' David Coulthard, disqualified in the Brazilian Grand Prix for illegal fuel, will be heard here on April 13. Asia's prosperity is under threat because of growing economic disparities, a top Asian Development Bank official said Sunday, as he urged government and business leaders to work to reduce the inequalities. Bosses from British Airways and Virgin Atlantic secretly discussed an illegal price-fixing deal during a cricket match at Virgin boss Richard Branson's country estate, prosecutors said Tuesday. The Senate voted 94-2 and the House vote was 352-21. Twenty-nine House members voted ``present'' to indicate support for Israel, but opposition to what they called a ``one-sided'' measure drafted by House Majority Whip Tom DeLay, R-Texas. And 32 members did not vote. North Korea has proposed holding talks with South Korea next week to discuss Seoul's offer of aid in combating a bird flu outbreak in the communist country, officials said Monday. The announcement by Sen. Mel Martinez of Florida that he was quitting as general chairman of the Republican National Committee came after he had expressed frustration over the tenor of the immigration debate within his party. Compaq Computer Corp. is talking to other states and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency about using the system it helped Pennsylvania develop to handle environmental permit applications and make permit and compliance information publicly available on the Internet. Sri Lanka's Ceylon Petroleum Corporation (CPC) signed here on Monday an agreement with China's Huanqiu Chemical Engineering Corporation for the construction of an oil tank farm in the suburb of the capital, Colombo.
t8326 The National Labor Relations Board voted Sunday to seek a court injunction against major league baseball owners in a move that could end the seven-and-a-half month players' strike. Four veteran opposition leaders said little has changed in Cuba a decade after they were jailed for a bold critique of Cuban communism and issuing calls for peaceful protests of Fidel Castro's rule. Al-Qaeda in Iraq is struggling to recruit volunteers for suicide bombings and other attacks, the US army said on Sunday, hours after the jihadist network confirmed the deaths of its top commanders. Like many women, Susan Koehn, 38, has always liked jewelry. But the former environmental lawyer from Washington, D.C., never expected to develop a successful career as a bead stringer. The owners of century-old car maker MG Rover started bankruptcy procedures Friday after the collapse of a proposed tie-up with a Chinese partner, amid British government moves to safeguard thousands of jobs ahead of a general election next month. "If you have the space, the larger sizes can fill up a room economically," Fuller says. "Because they are so big, there are fewer collectors for them." Around the corner from the picturesque gate that the city of Beijing gave to Washington's Chinatown, the government of Germany is introducing Americans to a different kind of art, based on photographic fantasy. A Zambia-Zimbabwe joint commission has expressed satisfaction with increasing cooperation between the two countries in the sphere of defense and security, Zambia Daily Mail reported on Wednesday.
t4521 Finance Minister Chris Liebenberg kept South Africa on the fiscal straight and narrow while giving a better deal to foreign investors and the poor in the multi-racial government's first budget presented Wednesday. U.S. troops would no longer be asked to reveal previous mental health treatment when applying for security clearances under a proposal being considered by the Defense Department. Czech airspace and Prague airport will stay closed until at least noon (1000 GMT) on Monday because of volcanic ash spreading from Iceland, officials told AFP on Sunday. Buoyed by four successful missile defense tests in a row, senior Pentagon officials say they are on schedule to open a rudimentary missile shield site in Alaska by the fall of 2004. Teenage gunman Jeff Weise drove a stolen police car up to his school and then randomly shot at students and teachers, authorities said as the remote town of Red Lake grieved for the victims of the latest rampage to stun the United States. U.S. forces firing from helicopters pursued armed militants loyal to a radical anti-American Shiite cleric into a western Baghdad slum Friday, killing at least 18 people, reportedly including some civilians. President Bush on Tuesday nominated Mark Olson, the former head of a Minnesota community bank and a past president of the American Bankers Association, as a member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. Wall Street stocks continued falling steeply Friday as voting uncertainty of the U.S. presidential election still hung on the market.
t422 Scoreboard at close of play on the first day of the four-day match between Sri Lanka and the New Zealand Acadamy XI at Fitzherbert Park here Saturday. States should have the power to restrict the movement of patients with contagious diseases even before they have the chance to disobey doctors' orders, says a top federal health official. A top judge from Moscow's city court who had tried high-profile racist murder cases was shot dead Monday as he left his apartment in the Russian capital, investigators said. A French flight attendant was ordered held in bail of $250,000 in federal court here Thursday, charged with writing phony bomb threats in the lavatory of a jet in flight from London to Orlando, Fla., in January. A Prague tram killed at least two people and injured three others when it derailed early Wednesday and slammed into a group of people waiting to head to work at one of the Czech capital's busiest stops, a spokeswoman for the city rescue services said. Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is widely viewed as a military strongman who should be pressed to hold free and fair elections this year. Both the characterization of Musharraf and the policy recommendation are misguided. Musharraf's problem is that he has failed to act swiftly and ruthlessly to set Pakistan's In a cliffhanger at the Minnesota Capitol, lawmakers passed a state budget early Saturday just hours before the government's authority to spend money would have expired. The general price index at Tehran Stock Exchange closed at 2,659.68 points on Sunday, up 0.25 points from Saturday's finish.
t4261 The condition of the already critically-ill Ahmad Khomeini, son of the founder of the Islamic republic Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, worsened further overnight, state radio said Wednesday quoting a medical bulletin. Members of the militant Hezbollah group briefly detained three Lebanese policemen Friday for allegedly entering their security compound in a southern Beirut suburb, security officials said. Iran plans to hold talks with all 15 members of the UN Security Council in an effort to break a deadlock over a nuclear fuel deal, Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said on Sunday. Need a leopard key to go with your alligator shoes? Wish your keys unlocked doors hiding the sweet smell of flowers? Want to feel closer to our men and women in uniform? The US government asked a judge on Tuesday to put Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person facing US charges for the September 11 attacks, on trial on October 31. The hot topic of conversation among the mothers at Melissa Bazarian's play group in Arlington, Va., this weekend wasn't baby strollers, diapers or first words but baby bottles: clear or cloudy? The commander of investigative police in the northern border state of Tamaulipas and an assistant were shot to death by assailants who attacked them in their car near police headquarters. Li Ruihuan, chairman of the National Committee of Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), met with the current and former heads of the Hong Kong Chinese General Chamber of Commerce (CGCC) during his five-day visit to the territory.
t9957 A herd of wild elephants, intoxicated by the smell of liquor, smashed through a house in eastern India and trampled to death a man brewing moonshine, the Press Trust of India reported Friday. A Saudi man convicted of fatally shooting a fellow tribesman over a dispute has been beheaded, the Interior Ministry said. Liverpool's Ryan Babel insists he will have no qualms about leading the frontline against Atletico Madrid on Thursday should the clubs injury problems require him to play as a makeshift striker. Mayor Vincent A. Cianci Jr., the king of comebacks, finds himself these days in the unfamiliar position of having to remain quiet. He moves his mouth only to whisper to his lawyer, or to reposition the mint that he keeps tucked in his cheek. Andy Flower, the former Zimbabwe batsman, and Essex team-mate Alistair Cook took MCC to a seven-wicket win over county champions Warwickshire on the fourth and final day of the English season curtain-raising clash at Lord's here Monday. Not one of those hacked Priuses that after-market modifiers will produce in exchange for several thousand dollars and a canceled warranty. This was the real thing, built by Toyota at its research labs in Japan as part of its program to get a workable plug-in hybrid to market. Political leader Tung Chee-hwa created a stir he may not have intended by honoring a labor activist _ remembered by many for his role in deadly 1960s riots against the British colonial government _ with Hong Kong's version of a knighthood. A motorized infantry brigade of more than 3,000 people are ready to withdraw from Chechnya to its permanent base in the Trans-Baikal military district, an Interfax report said Thursday.
t5235 Bosnian Serbs are deliberately escalating tension around Sarajevo, targeting both the Bosnian government and the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR), according to reports here Friday. A Capitol Hill house where U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama rents an apartment caught on fire Sunday, but a spokesman said the senator was out of town to celebrate Father's Day. East Asia could stabilise its greenhouse gas emissions by 2025 while maintaining economic growth by investing heavily in energy efficiency and low-carbon technologies, the World Bank said Monday. Many people think of GPS as a convenient means for getting from one place to another without having to ask strangers for directions. Armed with inexpensive receivers no bigger than cell phones, folks who are directionally challenged can tune in to a constellation of 24 Global Positioning System satellites A one-legged German at the centre of an HIV scare involving hundreds of Thai women and girls was arrested and set to be deported for a second time in 10 days, police said Thursday. But Lew Archer, the often melancholy hero of a series of acclaimed detective novels by Ross Macdonald, matched his biting asides with a humane worldview, a love of the underdog and -- when he wasn't boxing or downing Scotch -- an introspective charisma and cerebral temperament. President Bush threatened to veto any bill that prevents Mexican trucks from operating on U.S. roads, just as a Senate committee was poised to take up House-passed legislation that does just that. Chinese astronomers say meteor showers, or groups of shooting stars, are expected to light up the sky in the early hours on November 18.
t7022 A 19-year-old Bosnian soldier was killed and three other soldiers were wounded by sniper fire Wednesday in Sarajevo, the morgue and hospitals said. Roberto Cavalli, designer of sexy, extravagant clothes worn by the Hollywood set, will create a one-off collection for H&amp;M, the Swedish line known for its trendy wear at accessible prices, the Italian fashion house announced Wednesday. President Viktor Yanukovych on Thursday defended a deal to allow a Russian base to stay in Ukraine until 2042 that has been slammed by his opponents as a surrender of Ukrainian sovereignty. After scouring toy stores for months looking for educational toys for her 18-month-old daughter, Julie Clark of Colorado realized she would have to take things into her own hands. So in 1996, she armed herself with a borrowed camcorder, some toys and puppets, recruited a few women from the Australians would not want to follow the United States into a war with Taiwan against China, a country that they feel more positive about than America, according to a poll published Monday. Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton appeared on all five talk shows Sunday morning and demonstrated a particularly senatorial skill: the art of the filibuster. Katharine Graham, who has guided The Washington Post for three decades, was in critical condition following surgery after tumbling on a walkway. The Danish government has cut its aid to Zimbabwe's agricultural ministry, saying the Zimbabwean government has failed to end the occupation of commercial farms as ordered by the Supreme Court in its recent consent order, the Herald newspaper reported here on Wednesday.
t4608 Iraq on Wednesday accused France and Russia of going back on their avowed aim of working within the UN Security Council to ease the sanctions in force since 1990. Six processors on two computers began crashing on the Russian side of the international space station Tuesday, limiting the spacecraft's ability to maneuver and produce oxygen. By Friday evening, four of the six processors were running again. LeBron James and Shaquille O'Neal, brought together with the aim of bringing the NBA crown to Cleveland, took a step on that road Saturday as the Cavs downed Chicago in the Eastern Conferece playoff opener. LONG BEACH, Calif. - On the bright side, there were more lead changes - one - in the first lap of the CART FedEx Series Grand Prix of Long Beach on Sunday than in the entire race last year. An alleged drug kingpin went on trial Wednesday in southern China charged with manufacturing more than 12 tons of methamphetamine worth an estimated 5.5 billion dollars, state media reported. Former interim Iraqi prime minister Ayad Allawi, who is trying to put together a new coalition to replace the current Baghdad government headed by Nouri al-Maliki, said Sunday that a powerful Washington lobbying firm is working on his behalf, funded by an Iraqi whom he cannot identify. Specialty clothing retailer The Limited Inc. is selling its Lane Bryant chain of women's apparel stores to Charming Shoppes Inc. for $335 million in cash and stock. Altogether 18 people have died of viral influenza within last one month in two villages of Jajarkot District, mid-western Nepal, The Kathmandu Post said Saturday.
t4386 The vice governor of southern China's Guandong province has come up with yet another way to tantalize the taste buds of the nation with a proposal to develop ostrich farms to feed a growing population, a report said Wednesday. After defeating an effort to let voters decide whether to ban same-sex marriage in the only state that allows it, Massachusetts gay rights advocates say they have one more fight: Repealing a 1913 law that bars same-sex couples from most states from marrying there. EU transport ministers are expected to hold a special videoconference Monday on the air travel crisis caused by the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, the Spanish EU presidency said Sunday. Students at Princeton University say they are already relishing the prospect of attending lectures next fall by the scholar Cornel West, whose return to the faculty here after eight years in the Afro-American studies department at Harvard was formally approved Saturday by the university trustees. French President Jacques Chirac renewed Tuesday a call for a total rewrite of controversial EU plans to free up Europe's vast services sector, saying the current version is "unacceptable" for France. A proposal to allow BP to greatly increase the amount of pollutants it discharges into Lake Michigan from its refinery here has prompted a bitter war of words between officials in Illinois and Indiana. Opponents of the Chinese government say awarding the 2008 Olympics to Beijing would encourage the country's leadership to crack down on human rights. France said on Friday that the killing by Israel of a leader of the Palestinian military organization Fatah is a serious incident and augurs ill for the resumption of dialogue between Israel and Palestinians.
t8595 Singapore on Monday said it would help in repatriating Filipina maids keen to leave the country as a diplomatic row continued over the hanging here of a domestic help from the Philippines convicted of a double murder. With each question she refused to answer, Zahra Bassiri said, Moroccan police grabbed her hair, yanked her head back and slammed her face against the wall. Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has declared he has faith in third- choice goalkeeper Gunnar Nielsen as his side's quest for Champions League qualification enters a critical final phase. Two hours before, the early-morning sun had danced on the Charles River in Boston, a sparkling hope on an April day that would be cool, not warm, in a city of still-naked tree branches and brown, sleeping grass. Pakistan won the toss and elected to bat in the third one-day international against India at the Keenan Stadium here on Saturday. Giuliani employed that tactic repeatedly in Tuesday's GOP presidential debate, mentioning or referring to the Democratic presidential frontrunner in half of his responses to questions. Hopi tribal police blocked access to the site of a Navajo sun dance and accused participants of trespassing, the latest episode in a century-old land feud. The fourth Sino-US defense consultations held here Wednesday and Thursday have enhanced trust and understanding between the two sides, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said here Thursday.
t3652 A suspected Moslem militant fired on a bus carrying Japanese tourists in Cairo on Monday wounding the driver, an eyewitness told AFP. The launch of a rocket carrying spy and intelligence-gathering technology for a Defense Department unit was postponed Thursday for a day. A strong 6.3 magnitude quake struck off Papua New Guinea on Saturday, US geologists said, but there was no tsunami warning. KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Train passengers will embark in style again this fall when Union Station resumes operations as a transportation gateway after being sidetracked for 17 years. A 17-year-old Canadian was arrested at the Acropolis after allegedly trying to steal a marble fragment, a public order ministry source said Monday. A slight adjustment to U.S. temperature records has bumped 1998 as the hottest year in the nation's history and made the Dust Bowl year of 1934 the new record holder, according to NASA. NAACP board chairman Julian Bond had harsh words on Sunday for President Bush's record in his first months in office, criticizing some of Bush's Cabinet choices and denouncing his faith-based initiative. The new head of the U.N. force in Ethiopia and Eritrea, called UNMEE, has pledged to build on what has been accomplished so far in the quest for peace, U.N. officials said here Tuesday.
t9425 Prosecutors in a corruption trial of the flamboyant former mayor of Nice, Jacques Medecin, requested the maximum two-year jail term at a one-day trial Wednesday. Two separatist Kurdish rebels were killed when a fuel tanker they were planning to ram into a military outpost in a suicide attack exploded before they could approach, officials said Sunday. Spain, which lost out to Chile in its bid to host the largest telescope ever built, warned Tuesday it will demand "economic guarantees" before it contributes to the financing of the project. Adelphia Communications said Thursday that it was restating its financial statements for the past three years to include on its books over $1 billion in loans that the embattled cable company guaranteed to entities controlled by the family of its chairman, John Rigas. The family used some of those Reports of child abuse have risen to an "alarming" level in Australia, officials said Monday, as a new survey found that a child was harmed every 13 minutes in the country. Last Christmas Day in Baghdad, U.S. Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad received a furious phone call from Iraqi Vice President Adel Abdul Mahdi. An American -- drunk, armed, wandering through the Green Zone after a party -- had shot and killed one of his personal bodyguards the night before, Mahdi said. Police Chief Charles Ramsey is rejecting criticism that the painstaking and prolonged search for Chandra Levy is hurting his department's murder investigations. Greece will create a National Committee for Volunteer Issues in view of the official declaration of 2001 by the U.N. as the Volunteering Year, a government minister announced Tuesday.
t9158 About 30 miners in the Primori region in far eastern Russia began an indefinite hunger strike on Wednesday to obtain three months of back pay, the ITAR-TASS news agency reported. President George W. Bush urged lawmakers Saturday to "summon the political courage" to support his top domestic priority, an immigration overhaul that is hanging by a thread in Congress. Japanese share prices opened higher Monday, with the benchmark Nikkei-225 index rising 125.13 points, or 1.15 percent, to 11,039.59 in the first minutes of trading. These columns for release Friday, May 3, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Kuwait's Emir Sheikh Jaber al-Ahmad al-Sabah has accepted the resignation of Health Minister Mohammad al-Jarallah who quit after facing a stormy grilling in parliament over allegations of graft, a statement said Sunday. A senior official, Interior Ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Abdul Kareem Khalaf, said the attackers were members of a criminal gang and suggested that they formerly had claimed ties to Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al- Sadr's Mahdi Army militia movement. NBC Entertainment President Jeff Zucker was prepared for tough questions from TV critics who have bashed his summer reality shows as tacky or worse: He wore a flak jacket adorned with the network's peacock logo. The Spanish government on Saturday offered the Peruvian Cabinet technical assistance during the April 2001 presidential elections in the South American country.
t7695 Vladimir Kokonin, the controversial general director of the Bolshoi theater who was fired a week ago, was reappointed Friday with the new title of executive director, ITAR-TASS reported. Japan's ruling party leaders approved plans Thursday to extend the current parliamentary session, delaying next month's upper house elections and giving the administration more time to push through legislation it hopes will boost its popularity. A blazing oil rig has sunk into the Gulf of Mexico, sparking fears of an environmental disaster two days after a massive blast that left 11 workers missing. When James W. Ziglar agreed to become commissioner of the embattled U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service, he was looking for a challenge. Six-time world champion Valentino Rossi, the undisputed king of two wheels, sets out on another MotoGP campaign on Sunday determined to avoid the misery which has befallen Michael Schumacher, his counterpart on four wheels. Slashed across the side of a rugged mountain like the sign of Zorro, the Z Road started as a simple $59,000 U.S. project to put a radio tower atop a small peak in the Hindu Kush, so people in the remote Panjshir Valley could for the first time pick Katharine Graham, who deftly steered The Washington Post through the tumult of the Pentagon papers and Watergate and built it into a leading force in American journalism, died Tuesday. She was 84. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said on Friday that there is no need for him to buy players to find back his team's form.
t377 A synthetic cannabis already on the market seems to be able to alleviate the symptoms of multiple sclerosis, according to the findings of a British research team published Saturday in the medical journal The Lancet. Russia's most vocal opposition movement, headed by former chess champion Garry Kasparov, held a march and rally in a major city without police violence or interference for the first time Saturday. A UN Security Council delegation has scrapped planned visits to Rwanda and Uganda on an upcoming central African tour and will now take in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) only, diplomats said Monday. The Pentagon's inspector general is reviewing recent travel of Army Secretary Thomas E. White amid concerns that he may have used a military plane for personal travel, officials said Thursday. Separatist rebels in Indonesia's tsunami-hit Aceh province on Wednesday denied sugestions they were behind the armed attack on a Japanese tugboat in the Malacca Strait and the kidnapping of three crewmen. Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., is being a homer for the Bay State. The New England politico wants the premiere of ``The Simpsons Movie'' to be held in Springfield, Mass., as opposed to namesake cities in Indiana, Missouri, Ohio and 10 other states. John Rocker smiled at everyone. He shook some hands, politely answered every question and even said he owed Chipper Jones an apology. China will open more sectors in the western region to foreign investors and loosen restrictions on share holding by foreign business people, a Chinese official said here today.
t3718 President Bill Clinton's administration offered no details Monday about the whereabouts of former Mexican president Carlos Salinas, and shrugged off the idea of a US political asylum request. Hamas forces late Thursday moved into the last Fatah stronghold in Gaza City, the compound of offices of President Mahmoud Abbas, witnesses and Hamas officials said. Ten-man Chelsea's lead at the top of the English Premier League was cut to just one point after they were beaten 2-1 away to London rivals Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane here on Saturday. Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived here Thursday on his way to Israel, after acknowledging the difficulties of his Middle East peacemaking mission. The UN Security Council and Secretary General Kofi Annan on Monday condemned the attacks in Haiti at the weekend that killed two UN peacekeepers, one from Nepal and the other from Sri Lanka. After her experiences treating war-wounded Marines at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Md., Lt. j.g. Melissa McMurry was not expecting much emotion on her deployment aboard the hospital ship Comfort, now in a four-month humanitarian mission to Latin America. The governor's helicopter was pressed into service Sunday to pluck people off roofs and ferry a heart patient to a hospital after heavy rains triggered flash floods and mudslides in southern and central West Virginia. The two bonds listed in 1999 plunged 0.22 percent on average Tuesday ,while the rest lingered around their present prices.
t7804 Turkey has pledged to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq in "short order" and Washington will give a fair hearing to any Turkish proposals to solve the problem of Kurdish attacks, the State Department said Friday. EU regulators on Thursday cleared media companies NBC Universal and News Corp. to launch an Internet broadcaster that aims to rival Google Inc.'s YouTube. As Syria faces charges it may have supplied Hezbollah with Scud missiles, experts say spotting the weapons is no easy task -- which US and British forces learned in the first Gulf war. Steve Case, chairman of America Online, was hailed as a media visionary when he proposed merging his upstart Internet company with the entertainment giant Time Warner. Commonwealth chief Don McKinnon said Thursday that Uganda should ensure controversial proposed constitutional changes that could give President Yoweri Museveni a third term in office are done in a transparent manner with all Ugandans involved. The scene at Maryland's Catoctin Mountain Orchard last week was right out of a movie: apple trees marching up the side of the hill like columns of soldiers. So many kinds of apples maturing on the branches: Pink Lady, Jonathan, Golden Delicious and more. Pickers working their way along A 15-year-old girl was kept padlocked in her bedroom in what her mother said was an effort to combat an eating disorder. The United States took an unbeatable 3-0 over Spain in the 2000 Fed Cup tennis final with a victory in Saturday's first reverse singles match:
t3050 Mayor of Paris Jacques Chirac has taken a commanding lead over his right-wing rival, Prime Minister Edouard Balladur, in the French presidential election race, an opinion poll published Sunday showed. The body of a Salvadoran guerrilla leader who was an integral part of the country's revolutionary movement has been buried in her homeland 24 years after her killing, her supporters said Wednesday. Clermont overcame eight missed points from the boot of Brock James to claim a hard-fought 25-19 win over Top 14 rivals Castres on Friday. Now, after years of hype and false starts, video on demand is finally starting to show up in significant numbers. Roman Catholic priests in central Portugal urged their parishoners during Sunday services to cut down on water consumption to help the country deal with a severe drought, the Lusa news agency reported. Did you see that YouTube video of an Australian priest hurling abuse at a motley crew of skateboarders in front of Melbourne's St. Patrick's Cathedral? Well, his superiors did, and last week the Rev. Mgr. Geoff Baron was placed on indefinite leave. Shares of Harrah's Entertainment Inc. dropped 17 percent in trading Friday after the gambling company said it will fall short of Wall Street's second-quarter estimates. Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan said Thursday he would sign a consent decree with the U.S. Justice Department, agreeing to broad reforms in order to identify and discipline rogue police officers.
t235 President Bill Clinton was to hold a news conference Friday, a day after an embarrassing defeat in Congress for a leading rival for the White House, Republican Senate leader Bob Dole. Palestinian gunmen from Gaza broke through Israel's border fortifications on Saturday and battled Israeli troops near an army post inside Israel, the military said. The nightmare scenario of a mushroom cloud over a major city has led US President Barack Obama to declare "nuclear terrorism" as the ultimate threat. The road leading to the U.S. air base north of Kabul is a crater-pocked strip of asphalt and dirt with warnings of death. Teen golf prodigy Michelle Wie, coming off a runner-up LPGA finish two weeks ago, bids for her first tour title in the final tuneup event for next week's first major women's tournament. A Washington Post article about News Corp.'s bid to buy Dow Jones incorrectly said that the proposed editorial board overseeing the Wall Street Journal would not have the power to approve the hiring of the editor of Dow Jones Newswires. Senate Republicans on Friday gave up trying to get assurances of automatic votes on President Bush's Supreme Court nominees, setting the stage for the reorganization of the Democrat-controlled Senate. Russian Deputy Prime Minister Ilya Klebanov said Friday that the operation of retrieving the crew of nuclear submarine Kursk sinking in the Barents Sea during an August drill will begin next week.
t5196 UN special envoy Ismael Kittani arrived here Friday to assess the situation in Angola four-months into a fragile ceasefire and to hold talks with former rebels and government officials, the United Nations announced. Christophe Moreau of France won the Dauphine Libere on Sunday, beating out Cadel Evans of Australia by 14 seconds overall. Airspace in northern Italy will be closed until Tuesday at 0600 GMT due to ash from a volcano eruption in Iceland, Italy's civil aviation authority ENAC said Monday. Latrell Sprewell believes he is being singled out, held up as an example. In this disappointing season, he believes that the Knicks want to appear as if they have everything, especially their players, under control, and that is why the Knicks suspended him for one game without pay for The Kyrgyz government and opposition protestors were preparing on Thursday for possible talks in a bid to end a crisis over a contested parliamentary election, after the Central Asian nation's leadership warned it could resort to the use of force to restore order. and among the contenders, a growing sense of urgency. One campaign manager noted the dwindling days, remarking, perhaps ominously, that the candidates were "turning the page on summer." A man apologized and begged for forgiveness as he was executed by injection Wednesday for killing his ex-girlfriend's 4-year-old son and her new boyfriend during a 1986 shooting spree. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has indicated Zambia might become qualified for the Highly Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) initiative, the Times of Zambia newspaper reported on Tuesday.
t7447 Greenpeace, the international environmental activist group, said Thursday that it had dispatched its own trawler to the disputed Grand Banks fishing grounds -- to harass Spanish trawlers. Starbucks Corp. and the Ethiopian government said Wednesday they will work together to promote three of the African nation's prized specialty coffees under a deal that supports the country's bid to win trademarks it believes will benefit farmers. Tackling high unemployment will be key to bringing down the massive US budget deficit, Commerce Secretary Gary Locke told AFP on Friday. Spring is a good time to visit swamps because the amphibians are noisy, the birds are on the move, the flowers are emerging and the bugs aren't yet bad. Below is a small sampling of parks and refuges that offer a way to explore wetlands. To find swamps near The Colombian government confirmed Monday that it was discussing holding peace talks outside the country with the National Liberation Army guerilla group (ELN), the government announced. Routinely, his gray Toyota hybrid is parked from 6:30 a.m. until late at night outside Building 31 at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Md. Sometimes his colleagues leave notes on the windshield that say things like, "Go home. You're making me feel guilty." Under tight security after a bomb explosion, thousands of Jewish athletes from around the world gathered in Jerusalem on Monday for the start of the Maccabiah Games, known as the Jewish Olympics. England international Rio Ferdinand became the world's most expensive defender by completing his 18-million-pound (27 million US dollars) transfer from West Ham to Leeds United on Friday.
t1370 The collapsed merchant bank Barings pledged Tuesday to be back in business within days, after authorities approved a rescue purchase by Dutch banking giant Internationale Nederlanden Group NV (ING). At least five government troops were killed Monday and five others injured in a fight with tribesmen demanding jobs in oil fields in this Arabian Peninsula country, police officials said. Rangers have called for the abolition of the end of season fixture split in the Scottish Premier League (SPL) after hitting out at the decision to hand them three straight away matches. The political contours of Ukraine's newly elected parliament began to emerge Tuesday, with rival parties vying for the support of independents. The death toll in serious flooding that hit this Indian Ocean island state this month rose to 17 on Thursday, with 11 other people still missing, national rescue officials said. It's amazing what nuggets of information you can unearth deep within a book as jampacked as ``The Reagan Diaries'' -- a 745-page doorstop, edited by historian Douglas Brinkley, that sheds light on how the former president grappled with some of the same executive dilemmas garnering headlines today. Two Filipino hostages were freed Tuesday with an order to relay a warning to the government from their rebel captors: withdraw from Muslim-majority islands or face more kidnappings of American and European citizens. Israel Defense Forces (IDF) southern commander said Thursday that he was encouraged by an overnight meeting with his Palestinian counterparts in a bid to try to end a month-long violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
t5822 The Israeli government announced plans Sunday to slash 400 million dollars from public spending and the same amount from taxes, prompting a 1.5 percent reduction in interest rates. After finally winning a Spanish league title, David Beckham hobbles toward Major League Soccer hoping to bring similar success to the Los Angeles Galaxy. Britain's first flight since European governments eased airspace restrictions left Scotland early Tuesday, but there were new warnings of a fresh cloud of volcanic ash heading this way. Robert Blake, star of the old ``Baretta'' television series who also played the killer in the movie adaptation of Truman Capote's ``In Cold Blood,'' was arrested Thursday in the killing of his wife nearly a year ago, the police said. Shiite and Kurdish figures delayed the second session of Iraq's elected parliament until at least Monday and warned that bargaining over the formation of a government could drag on for another week. While President Bush was in Australia last week, the White House completed the divvying-up of Karl Rove's sizable and important portfolio. Protesters broke windows at the state Capitol and chanted ``No New Taxes! No New Taxes!'' Thursday after the Senate resurrected an income tax plan. A new natural preserving station was set up recently in the eastern edge of the Qinghai- Tibet Plateau, known as "roof of the world", in an effort to better protect the ecosystem headstream area of the Yangtze River and the Hoh Xil natural reserve.
t8573 US First Lady Hillary Clinton Monday underlined the importance of women in society saying that despite all their efforts they were still being marginalised. Germany has increased its security measures, officials said Friday, amid intelligence reports suggesting an increased threat of attacks against the country's nationals in Afghanistan -- or even suicide bombings in Germany itself. Astronomers around the world this weekend mark the 20th anniversary of the launching of the iconic Hubble, NASA's first orbiting space telescope that has revolutionized human understanding of the universe. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it Business, including a possible free trade zone, will top the agenda when Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrives in India Saturday for talks between the world's two fastest growing major economies. But the architect of the Capitol, whose employees run the Stars and Stripes up and down three flagpoles hundreds of times each day, balked at the religious dedication. His decision has provoked a firestorm over the place of religion in U.S. political institutions, becoming the most recent touchstone in A man who helped lure another man to a motel room, then stabbed him to death was sentenced Wednesday to life in prison. A senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC) said here Thursday that the CPC is ready to strengthen its relationship with the Party for Democracy (PPD) of Chile and push forward relations between the two countries.
t719 Pope John Paul II appeared sprightly and in good humour Sunday as he made his first visit in almost a year to a Rome parish, showing little sign of discomfort from the thigh bone he broke last year. "The Coast of Utopia," Tom Stoppard's sprawling tale of 19th-century Russian intellectuals, and "Spring Awakening," a pounding post-rock musical of teenage sexual anxiety, dominated the recently concluded Broadway season. A bailout for debt-laden Greece remains a "last resort" and an agreement by eurozone finance ministers on the modalities of possible assistance is hypothetical, Germany said on Monday. Democrats these days seem like Indiana Jones: cornered and out of ammunition. They are in striking distance of winning back the House and improving their one-seat Senate majority. But one by one, the weapons in the party's electoral arsenal have been taken away. President George W. Bush will push for Pentagon number two Paul Wolfowitz, a primary architect of the war in Iraq, to become World Bank chief, US administration officials said Wednesday. When I was 19, I left Texas and flew to New York to get married. My 22-year-old husband and I didn't have to think long and hard about what to do with our assets, because we didn't have any. Vice President Dick Cheney rested at home Sunday, getting adjusted to his new pacemaker and anticipating a return to his White House duties on Monday. The Football Association on Sunday named Leicester City boss Peter Taylor as caretaker head coach of the England team for one match.
t4506 The Nuba mountain people of south Sudan have faced a government offensive since the end of January but plan to counter-attack with newly supplied weapons, one of their leaders said Wednesday. General Motors Corp. plans to retool its Tonawanda engine plant to produce a new clean diesel engine for its light duty pickup trucks, the company announced Friday. Two Turkish policemen were killed overnight when gunmen opened fire on their vehicle in the northern province of Samsun, Anatolia news agency reported Sunday. If Noel Mamere, with his tousled curly hair and drooping mustache, comes across as more of a television anchorman than a presidential candidate, it is not surprising. For most of his career, Mamere, 53, the standard-bearer of the tiny Green Party in the coming French elections, has been just US-led coalition forces killed five insurgents in retaliatory artillery fire after the rebels attacked two US military bases with rockets in southeast Afghanistan, the US military said Wednesday. It is a rare three-day summertime weekend, and that means a headlong rush out of sweltering, smoggy Tehran toward the shores of the Caspian Sea. In its second wave of staffing cuts this year, Compaq Computer Corp. said Tuesday it was trimming 4,000 more jobs, bringing the total number of workers it plans to cut this year to 8,500. WBA heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield has no plans to fight in China despite reports from Hong Kong that Holyfield would fight there early next year, local media said on Thursday.
t1602 Japanese government leaders, horrified by the US dollar's fall to a record low, held an emergency meeting here Wednesday morning to identify ways to revive the swooning currency. The Bush administration rejected a Securities and Exchange Commission recommendation in a key Supreme Court case and did not support shareholders suing Wall Street banks for damages over Enron's collapse. Orlando center Dwight Howard has started a fund for at-risk children around the globe, starting with a 100,000-dollar donation for young victims of the Haiti earthquake. When the Band first sauntered onto the music scene in 1968, the group's impact could not have been more profound. Playing haunting songs that explored age-old themes of guilt and redemption, of individual will and the responsibilities of community, the Band drew on the deepest currents of blues, R US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice accused Stalinist North Korea on Thursday of avoiding discussing its nuclear programme and instead focusing on the US label of Pyongyang as an "outpost of tyranny." Pakistan expanded operations against extremist fighters Wednesday as the military began shelling targets in a restive tribal area bordering Afghanistan following an insurgent assault that killed 17 troops. Tiffeny Milbrett scored in the 77th minute Tuesday as the United States stopped a four-game winless streak against Canada with a 1-0 victory in the Independence Day series. FIFA president Sepp Blatter said Friday in Zurich the main barrier to reach a deal on transfers was the length of players contracts.
t9590 The price of Brent crude North Sea oil soared to 17.60 dollars a barrel, the highest price since November, early on Thursday response to an increase in petrol prices in the United States, dealers said. Delphi Corp. will offer workers buyouts, severance packages, early retirement incentives and other payments in exchange for ratification of a wage-concession deal meant to help the struggling auto parts supplier emerge from bankruptcy and avoid a strike. Risk-averse investors in Asia mostly shrugged off upbeat earnings reports and stronger-than-expected growth in South Korea's economy to take profits Tuesday after the previous day's strong gains. Diesel engine manufacturers must drastically cut the amount of smoke and smog produced by big trucks and buses beginning five years from now, even though some say the necessary technology will not exist by then, a federal court ruled Friday. A 19-year-old of Turkish origin was sentenced Monday to nine years in prison for the "honor killing" of his married sister's boyfriend. Q: What's the safety situation like in Delhi, and the relative ease of traveling through India, for a woman traveling solo? Leaders of the world's largest industrial countries agreed Friday to create a new global fund to combat AIDS and said the right policies are in place to avert a worldwide recession. Zambia Tuesday pledged to meet the social and economic benchmarks set by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in order to be considered for debt relief.
t2717 World squash champion Jansher Khan had to battle for 77 minutes, packed with gruelling rallies, to subdue young Scotsman Peter Nicol in the Portuguese Open semi-finals on Friday. Dale Earnhardt Jr. said Wednesday he will join the Hendrick Motorsports team next year, moving him one step closer toward the American stock car racing title that has eluded him while driving for his company started by his late father -- a seven-time NASCAR champion. French food giant Danone said Thursday it had stopped making health claims for its Activia and Actimel yoghurts and dropped an attempt to get their alleged benefits recognised by EU scientists. There is really no telling where the myths about the ``Hispanic vote'' got started, but both the myths and the vote are going to grow between now and November. That was guaranteed when Tony Sanchez won the Democratic gubernatorial nomination for Texas so decisively. An earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale rocked the southern Japanese island of Kyushu on Sunday, triggering tsunami warnings, officials said. Federal officials described the Minneapolis interstate highway bridge collapse as a ``wake-up call'' Thursday, but industry groups and others have tried to draw attention to gaps in funding for the United States' aging infrastructure for years. Corrupt government officials have transformed southern Mexico into a superhighway for illegal migration to the United States while endangering the lives of migrants, Mexico's president said. The Bangladeshi fundamentalist Jamaat-e-Islami's chief, Golam Azam, whose role in the country's effort for independence in 1971 is controversial, resigned Wednesday from the party post, citing his old age and physical inability.
t7518 The head of the doomsday cult Aum Supreme Truth, Shoko Asahara, has denied any link with the nerve-gas assault on the Tokyo subway Monday that killed 10 people and left more than 5,500 injured. German Chancellor Angela Merkel called on the leaders of the European Union's 27 nations to resolve deep divisions over the future of the expanding bloc as they gathered for a crucial summit to discuss a new EU treaty Thursday. Vietnam said Friday it was "deeply concerned" by blasts in the Thai capital Bangkok that left one dead and called for restraint and dialogue after weeks- long anti-government protests. It looks like a tiny version of the famed Indian rope trick: A loose, shapeless line rises up and forms a taut corkscrew entirely on its own. For a follow-up, a loose knot suddenly ties itself tight, again, no hands. Publicly disappointed by the impending US sale of F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan, India is privately buoyed by Washington's offer to improve military cooperation and help it become a "major world power", analysts say. Naral Pro-Choice America, an abortion-rights group, recently offered a new way for members to stay in the loop: mobile-phone text messages. But the operator of the country's second most popular mobile phone network, Verizon Wireless, turned down NARAL's request for a text-messaging "short code" -- the five-digit address that Explosives illegally stored at a home blew up in northwest China, killing 47, injuring 85 and burying a dozen people under the rubble, according to the official Xinhua News Agency reported. A military helicopter crashed Thursday in Tolima province, western Colombia, killing all the eight people on board, Colombia's news media reported.
t5225 The survival of France's state-controlled Credit Lyonnais bank hung on a gargantuan rescue to be presented by the government and central bank later Friday at a key moment in a rancorous presidential campaign. President Nicolas Sarkozy's conservative party won a smaller than expected parliamentary majority in elections Sunday, according to poll projections, though voters still handed the pro-market leader a comfortable mandate to open up France's economy. The price of shares in French airline group Air France-KLM fell by nearly 5.0 percent in initial trading here on Monday, in response to the disruption caused by volcanic ash from Iceland. Q: I am half of a childless (by choice) couple. Recently, my wife's 10-year-old niece was orphaned by an automobile accident. No one else in my wife's extended family can offer her a home. The 21st century's first World Exposition opened Thursday in Japan with governments and companies showcasing technology and artefacts in a six-month event expected to draw 15 million visitors. Nearly every week, American generals and politicians visit Combat Outpost Gator, nestled behind a towering blast wall in the Dora market. They arrive in convoys of armored Humvees, sometimes accompanied by helicopter gunships, to see what U.S. commanders display as proof of the effectiveness of a seven-month-long security offensive, The family of a man who was crushed to death by a vending machine is suing Coca-Cola Co., two other companies and a Quebec university. The Inchon District Court in South Korea Tuesday made a ruling to protect all assets of bankrupt Daewoo Motor Co. by freezing the automaker's liabilities.
t585 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Tuesday sets off on his first Middle East mission of 1995 aiming to kickstart a peace process plagued by delays and defuse a nuclear row between Israel and Egypt. The head of Italy's influential bishops conference has received a second envelope containing bullets and a death threat, following comments he made opposing same-sex unions, news reports said Sunday. AC Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani said Monday that Italy are set to lose a Champions League spot to Germany as a result of the infamous 2006 Calciopoli match-fixing scandal. Dozens of Israeli tanks, armored personnel carriers and bulldozers invaded the West Bank town of Ramallah Friday, storming the headquarters of Yasser Arafat's government and fighting security forces guarding the Palestinian leader who was holed up in a windowless office. Macedonia delivered its first war crimes suspect to the UN tribunal at The Hague on Wednesday, a justice ministry spokeswoman said. Perched above the banks of the catfish farm he owns is Zhu Zhiqiu's secret weapon for breeding healthy fish: the medicine shed. Inside are iodine bottles, vitamin packets and Chinese herbal concoctions that he claims substitute for antibiotics. For six hours, Rame Shabani lay motionless, his face pressed to the dirt, while Serb police and army units shot and mutilated 25 men on a hillside above the Albanian village of Racak. He escaped by throwing himself into a ravine when they opened fire. Food riots broke out in Mutare, the largest city in east Zimbabwe on Monday morning, but the police reacted quickly to bring the situation under control, the Zimbabwe News Agency reported.
t7574 Share prices rose here early Friday, underpinned by Wall Street's record highs overnight and by upbeat commenst on the British economy from the Confederation of British Industry, dealers said. Ten years ago, a plunge in the Thai baht sparked a wave of recessions across Asia's high-flying economies, bankrupting entire nations, putting millions out of work and shaking markets around the world. Some feared that a decade of growth would be lost. French finance minister Christine Lagarde on Friday welcomed news that Greece had asked the European Union and IMF for a 45-billion-dollar bailout, after weeks of speculation that has rocked the euro. The two-day conference of American cardinals at the Vatican on how to deal with sexual abuse by priests did little to soften the anger of many Roman Catholics in Boston toward their church or their embattled archbishop, Cardinal Bernard M. Law. China has applied to the United Nations to make giant pandas' natural habitat in southwestern Sichuan province a world heritage area to help protect the endangered species, state press reported Tuesday. New York hedge fund billionaire Paul E. Singer issued a statement Friday acknowledging he gave the six-figure gift, ending speculation over its secrecy while fanning criticism of the G iuliani campaign. The Kyoto agreement on global warming can be salvaged with a compromise to keep the Japanese on board, Germany's environment minister said in an interview published Tuesday. Following an array of petitions and demonstrations, Israeli peace activists took one step further Saturday to conduct face-to-face communications with Palestinian representatives about solutions to end the protracted conflicts.
t3349 Thirty six people who donated blood to the Japanese Red Cross Society in 1994 were HIV positive, the highest number ever, the Daily Yomiuri said Monday. Chancellor Angela Merkel urged European leaders Thursday to support a new treaty determining how the European Union is run, warning that "a solution is not yet in sight" only days before a crucial summit. European stock markets dipped on Friday, as the aviation sector flew into turbulence on the back of severe travel disruption that was sparked by volcanic ash from Iceland, dealers said. Once upon a time, and for most of its history, the name Coca-Cola referred to just one product. We know that product now as Coke Classic. India's off-spinner Harbhajan Singh has been reported for a suspect bowling action for his second consecutive Test match and the third time in his career, the International Cricket Council (ICC) said on Monday. Gettysburg, Pa.: 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Aug. 25. In the national park and the town, a series of Civil War brass band, fife-and-drum and parlor music concerts presented as part of the 13th annual Civil War Muster; beginning about 11 a.m. and ending about 4 p.m. at the Cyclorama Building Federal police will fly to Colombia with Brazil's national soccer team during the Copa America, a tournament once postponed because of security concerns. Yemen has sent nine tons of medicines and medical equipment to Gaza Strip via Cairo to show solidarity with the Palestinians.
t5933 US President Bill Clinton will be absent from celebrations here in May marking the Allied victory in World War II, the Times newspaper reported Monday, describing the decision not to attend as a snub. Durban-born lock Greg Rawlinson returns to his former hometown charged with trying to give the All Blacks a winning start against South Africa in defense of their Tri-Nations rugby crown. A Chinese court on Tuesday upheld a death sentence against a former doctor who stabbed eight children to death outside their school in a fit of rage after splitting up with his girlfriend. Shortly after America Online Inc. completed its January 2001 merger with Time Warner Inc., Chairman Steve Case predicted about half of the new company's revenues would come from overseas within a decade. A militant Muslim cleric accused by the United States of terrorism ties has warned against the deployment of regional peacekeepers to Somalia, saying gunmen affiliated with the lawless nation's Islamic courts would fight them to the death. Two years after Hurricane Katrina, the century-old Dixie Brewing Co. in New Orleans remains shuttered, a victim of the flooding and of looters who carted off any equipment they could sell for scrap metal. Owners Joe and Kendra Bruno have announced their intention to rebuild, but no reopening date Furious after a day of Protestant marches across Northern Ireland, Roman Catholic protesters clashed with police into the early hours Friday, in some of the province's worst rioting in years. More than 100 police officers and many rioters were hurt. Housing starts inched up 0. 1 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.53 million units in October, down from a 0.7 percent increase in September, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
t1247 President Bill Clinton's special emissary to Cyprus will travel to Turkey this month in hopes of ending more than three decades of violence on the divided island, officials said Monday. An anti-corruption panel ordered more than 52 billion baht (US$1.6 billion; euro1.2 billion) in assets belonging to ousted Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and his wife to be frozen Monday pending court rulings on whether it was illicitly obtained. An Israeli man who forgot to check his lottery ticket for months stepped forward to claim the biggest single prize in Israel's history on Tuesday and said he had no idea what to do with the 20 million dollar payout. When Jared Jeffries took a crisp feed from Dane Fife and dropped the ball into the hoop just the way coaches have drawn up the play for more than a century, it might as well have been a live re-enactment of a scene from the movie Hoosiers. Chemical makers in Germany continued to enjoy buoyant demand for their products in the fourth quarter of last year, but growth was expected to lose momentum this year as exports slowed, the VCI industry federation said on Thursday. Talks between shipping lines and a clerks union were set to resume Sunday afternoon after union negotiators agreed to remain at the table despite an earlier vow to strike if a deal wasn't reached by midnight Saturday. A pager system that relays storm warnings from the National Weather Service has been set up for Oklahoma's largest concentration of deaf residents, officials announced Monday. Cyprus on Wednesday called on the U.N. to heed what it describes as recent war threats made by the Turkish Cypriot side on the divided island.
t4671 Declining world fish stocks mean that disputes like that between Canada and Spain, within Europe and in Asia are likely to continue, if not grow worse. President Nicolas Sarkozy looks set to be among Europe's most powerful leaders after Sunday's runoff parliamentary elections, which polls suggest may hand his conservative party a majority bigger than any in modern France. A controversial 6.6 billion Canadian dollar (5.9 billion US dollar) energy project will go ahead in northern British Columbia, provincial officials announced Monday. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of MONDAY, APRIL 15, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Arsenal striker Jose Antonio Reyes already has one foot in Real Madrid's door, according to press reports here Wednesday which say the unsettled Gunner could join the Madrid giants at the end of June. A senior officer of Shin Bet, the domestic security agency, told the Cabinet in private testimony Sunday that Hamas' exiled leadership in Syria was plotting attacks to sabotage peace talks between Israel and the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority. Choppy seas and poor visibility thwarted marine scientists' attempt Tuesday to aid an endangered North Atlantic right whale with rope entangled in its jaw. The monthly snapshot showed Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labor Party on 45 percent support compared to 34 percent for the Tories.
t8896 A Chadian armed opposition movement freed a US national it was holding late Monday and released three hostages on Tuesday morning, it announced. The head of the Arab League pressed Lebanon's feuding leaders on Friday to resume dialogue to resolve the country's deepening political crisis after failing to mediate such an agreement himself. Salva Kiir, who won election as south Sudan regional president on Monday, is a former rebel commander and fervent Christian who is committed to independence from the Khartoum government. The refugee camp in the West Bank town of Jenin, which was the site of furious fighting between Israelis and Palestinians, is now the focus of an equally intense battle for world opinion. It is also a classic example of the profound differences between US and European media coverage The Sudanese government said it was optimistic that enough funds would be pledged at a donors conference beginning Monday for the reconstruction of the south of the country ravaged by 21-years of civil war. When it comes to the city he has ruled largely unchallenged for 18 years, Mayor Richard M. Daley, D, tends to think big and not look back. City Hall is in a furor after a member of the Board of Aldermen apparently urinated in a waste basket rather than yield the floor during a filibuster. Defense and police personnel in Indonesia's Irian Jaya Province are on full alert ahead of a mass rally on Friday to commemorate the anniversary of the province's unilateral declaration of independence.
t1907 A young football fan was stabbed shortly before the Italian Cup semi- final first leg betweeen Lazio and Juventus here Wednesday, police said. Services union ver.di said Tuesday it would resume negotiations with Deutsche Telekom AG, a new effort to try and end five weeks of walkouts at Europe's biggest telecommunications company. The Vatican on Wednesday distanced itself from remarks by a top prelate linking paedophilia to homosexuality, saying "psychological or medical" assertions are not in the remit of Church officials. A synagogue burned to the ground in Marseilles; two other synagogues attacked in Lyons and Strasbourg; a shotgun assault on a kosher butcher's shop in Toulouse; a cemetery vandalized near Strasbourg: the horrors of a single Easter holiday are suddenly posing questions the French would rather not ask, let Both opponents and advocates of a reform of the Stability and Growth Pact appeared to be digging their heels in Friday ahead of the EU summit in Brussels next week where proposals to reform the 25-nation bloc's tattered fiscal rule book was to be high on the agenda. Axcel Flores was upbeat Sunday as he joined thousands of co-workers from Vons, Ralphs and Albertsons supermarkets in voting on a labor contract that won approval Sunday. Former President Carlos Menem was indicted and ordered to stand trial by a federal judge on Wednesday as part of an investigation into illegal arms sales by his government during the 1990s, court officials said. The prime minister of Somalia, Mr Ali Khalif Gallayr, yesterday submitted to interim president Abdiqasim Salad Hassan the full list of his cabinet ministers for the next three years.
t9266 The Italian government on Wednesday set June 11 as the date for a referendum which might strip former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of two of his three television channels. Casey Bramlet threw for 347 yards and four touchdowns as the Hamburg Sea Devils held off the Frankfurt Galaxy 37-28 in the highest-scoring World Bowl on Saturday. Hamas sought to downplay on Tuesday a rare public disagreement between one of its top leaders and its powerful armed wing over a cartoon warning Israel about the possible fate of a captive soldier. These Sports stories for release Friday, May 3, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. South Africa were 301-5 at tea on the third day of the second Test against the West Indies at the Queen's Park Oval on Sunday in reply to the home side's first innings total of 347 all out. Among key additions will be Cars Land, featuring the world of Radiator Springs and three attractions inspired by the animated Pixar film "Cars." After two decades on the run, convicted murderer Ira Einhorn was finally extradited from France on Friday and placed on a plane to Pennsylvania, where he faces a new trial in the gruesome bludgeoning death of his girlfriend. Chinese President Jiang Zemin has appointed 12 new ambassadors in accordance with a decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
t7555 US airconditioner manufacturer Carrier Corp. has entered into a 10 million dollar joint venture to produce bus air conditioning and truck refrigerating units in Shanghai, a newspaper reported Friday. The U.S. government's anti-Castro radio and TV stations have improved significantly in recent years after allegations of corruption and mismanagement, according to a draft State Department review of the Office of Cuba Broadcasting. Inter Milan striker Mario Balotelli apologised on Friday after being criticised by fans and team-mates for throwing his shirt to the ground following his side's 3-1 Champions League victory over Barcelona. A Senate panel approved legislation Thursday that would make it easier to prosecute securities fraud and that would extend the time limit for bringing related civil suits, reopening a contentious battle over efforts to limit lawsuits against corporations. Hong Kong share prices closed the morning session sharply lower Tuesday, falling 1.32 percent as the regional markets were hit hard by concerns over the prospects for higher global interest rates ahead of key US economic data due this week, dealers said. Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf scored a badly needed victory Friday when the Supreme Court cleared the way for him to run for another term, despite a challenge from opponents who say he is ineligible. Four stars of ``The West Wing'' who were holding out for pay raises have returned to the set of the NBC Emmy-winning TV series. Despite an agreement reached Friday by Palestinian and Israeli leaders to resume security coordination, bloody clashes continued to rage in the Palestinian territories, killing three Palestinians and one Israeli.
t292 The Milan stock market tumbled on Friday on continuing worry about the Italian budget situation, as the Mibtel index plummeted by 1.4 percent on the day to end at 10,010 points. Alastair Cook neared his second century of the series to help guide England to 228 for three wickets at tea on day three of the third test against West Indies on Saturday, increasing its lead to 369 runs. Thailand was reeling Sunday from its worst political violence in nearly two decades after clashes between the army and anti-government demonstrators left 19 people dead and over 800 injured. When last we Yanks heard from her, Kylie Minogue was an underage Aussie pop tart who made a brief chart dent with an adolescent cover of ``The Locomotion.'' Falungong, banned as an "evil cult" in China, sabotaged TV broadcasts throughout the country this week by tampering with signals transmitted via the AsiaSat satellite, state media said Wednesday. After one of the newsiest weeks of the year -- with the collapse of the immigration bill, major Supreme Court decisions, Republican defections on Iraq and a constitutional clash between the White House and Congress -- everybody is getting out of Washington this week. The Pentagon has concluded that the commander of the Marine Corps' V-22 Osprey squadron falsified maintenance records but that the deception played no role in two fatal crashes of the tilt-rotor aircraft, Defense Department officials said Friday. Philippine President Joseph Estrada Saturday imposed limits on operations of duty-free shops in the country, citing the need to protect local enterprises and help stop Customs fraud.
t3016 Hundreds of riot police on Sunday stormed the homes of South Korea's National Assembly speaker and his deputy, where the two were being held hostage by opposition lawmakers, television and radio reports said. The Church of England has urged the people of Japan to join its campaign against a violent Sony Corp. computer game that allegedly uses a British cathedral as a backdrop. Dutch air space will remain closed until at least 2:00 pm (1200 GMT) on Saturday due to the volcanic ash cloud over Europe, the Dutch transport inspectorate said. ``I felt much better today,'' Nash said before Monday night's game against the Utah Jazz. ``I just thought all of this was behind me last Wednesday, but obviously it wasn't.'' A court has charged 47 people with crimes including assault and vandalism and jailed 16 of them pending trial over violent protests that broke out last week against the rising cost of living, their lawyer said Sunday. Fox has locked in the services of its reality-TV programming chief, Mike Darnell, after he put the network through the wringer while gleefully entertaining offers from several other places, including NBC. Monsoonal moisture kept California and the West cloudy and wet Friday, while a cold front brought stormy weather to the northern Plains and Great Lakes region. The Shenzhen Composite Index closed at 611.53 points Friday, down 0.24 points or 0.04 percent, compared with the last close.
t2406 Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd. has announced a 13.8 percent increase in net profits for 1994, reflecting an increase in electricity sales in the territory. Anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called for a three-day mourning period to mark the destruction Wednesday of the minarets of the Shiite Askariya shrine in Samarra. Israel's former prime minister Ehud Olmert, named as a key suspect in a massive real estate scandal in Jerusalem, on Thursday denied media reports that he had taken a bribe. Shauna walks into the room wearing a red and grey sweatsuit, a chunky silver chain around her neck and a big smile on her face. She had just spent a day in court and, for once, it wasn't all bad news. The Canterbury Crusaders trounced the Auckland Blues 41-19 in an unexpectedly lop-sided Super 12 clash which had been seen as a virtual All Black trial and was played with Test-match intensity here Saturday. Jason Kilp had a short commute to church one recent Sunday. He walked from the bedroom of his Anaheim, Calif., apartment to a small worship service in the living room. Rates on 30-year and 15-year mortgages around the country rose this week, while one-year rates fell to their lowest level in two years. British Prime Minister Tony Blair met here Tuesday with Tung Chee Hwa, the chief executive of China's Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR), and discussed ways of promoting further bilateral cooperation.
t263 European Union members' permanent representatives agreed on Friday to hold an association meeting next Monday with Turkey to conclude a customs union, EU sources said. U.S. counterterrorism officials are paying renewed attention to an increasingly dangerous incubator for extremism: a swath of northern and sub-Saharan West Africa, from the Atlantic coast of Morocco and Mauritania to the harsh deserts of Chad. Iran will within months begin mass production of second generation centrifuges capable of enriching uranium three times faster than existing machines, atomic chief Ali Akbar Salehi said. As a final offering before going dark on West 53rd Street for a three-year expansion, the Museum of Modern Art has come up with a very MOMA show. Titled ``The Russian Avant-Garde Book, 1910-1934,'' it's a classic combination of visual elan and radical ideas, of art graced with a Former Waratahs fly-half John Mulvihill has been appointed as the backline coach for the new Perth Super 14 team, the Australian Rugby Union announced Wednesday. On the first floor of a tan building inside Baghdad's Green Zone, the full scope of Iraq's daily carnage is condensed into a 30-minute PowerPoint presentation. A judge lifted travel restrictions on Friday that had prevented former New York Giants defensive lineman Jeremiah Parker from leaving the state while prosecutors pursue charges against him in the death of his girlfriend's 4-year-old son. Libya announced to withdraw from the ongoing Arab summit to protest against the draft statement of the meeting short of declaring clear diplomatic break with Israel.
t7590 Two suspects, including a policeman, have been arrested on charges of complicity in trafficking highly radioactive uranium here, as US security agents have arrived here to help deal with a rising number of such cases, a Czech paper said Friday. Australian leader says alcohol and pornography will be banned on Aboriginal land in Australia's Northern Territory to prevent child abuse. Iceland's main international airport Reykjavik-Keflavik will remain closed until 0600 GMT Saturday due to ash spewing from the Eyjafjoell volcano, the Isavia airport authority said. Added to those concerns were negative comments about Dynegy by two credit-rating agencies along with Dynegy's revelation it would take a one-time writedown of $300 million for its communications business. The charge will result in a first-quarter loss for Dynegy. Vietnam paid homage Tuesday to the communist forces who seized this central port city 30 years ago, hastening the collapse of the American-backed South Vietnamese regime. Former U.S. House speaker Newt Gingrich on Saturday decided against running for president in 2008, less than a day after the Republican indicated publicly that he would spend the next month exploring the viability of a White House bid. Rush Limbaugh has renewed his contract through 2009 in a nine-figure deal that Premiere Radio Networks says is the highest priced in the history of radio syndication. The weekend opinion polls show the ruling Liberals' support is down to 39-43 percent from its previous 40-45 percent, indicating either a majority or a minority Liberal government after Monday's federal election, local media said Saturday.
t3930 Malaysian businessman, Heng Suan Lim, was named as the fourth man arrested by Hampshire police on Tuesday in connection with a match- rigging inquiry involving Far East betting syndicates. Massachusetts lawmakers threw out a proposed constitutional amendment that would have let voters decide whether to ban gay marriage in the only state that allows it. Winds blowing a massive volcanic ash cloud from Iceland to Europe will continue in the same direction for at least two days and could go on until the middle of next week, the Icelandic Meteorological Office said Saturday. Every morning, Bob Tusquellas double-knots his apron, thumbs his knife and probes his fish like a surgeon attempting to excise a tumor. Jordan and Iraq on Tuesday tried to tone down a bruising diplomatic row over a suicide bombing allegedly carried out by a Jordanian, but Baghdad warned it will take time to solve the crisis. ``Hitler's outward hatred for Jews and Russians may have belied a secret passion for some of their greatest musical works, if a recently discovered cache of records proves to be the remains of his private music collection. The nearly 100 records, now worn and scratched, were stored in the With hundreds of police lined up outside the university, students held low-key activities Monday to commemorate a 1999 police raid on a dormitory that triggered Iran's biggest unrest since the Islamic revolution. Visiting Crown Prince Felipe De Borbon Y Grecia of Spain attended the opening ceremony of a housing exhibition in Shanghai Wednesday.
t6447 US former president Jimmy Carter has arrived in the Nigerian capital for a private visit during which he is expected to meet junta leader General Sani Abacha, a diplomatic source said Tuesday. Air Berlin PLC said Tuesday that police raided its offices as part of an investigation into claims of insider trading by management board members, including the chairman and chief executive, before its acquisition of rival dba last year. Human Rights Watch on Wednesday accused Turkey's security forces of excessive violence and making routine use of lethal force, urging Ankara to take tougher action against abuses. Ned Hallick was 50 years old, a lighting director for films and an accomplished figure skater who felt well and vigorous when an astute doctor discovered that he had been born with a disorder that was causing serious hidden damage to his health. Sudan's eastern rebels gathered for a three-day conference in rebel-held territory Sunday to thrash out a common stance ahead of promised talks with Khartoum. A Los Angeles Times review of Earl Shorris' book "The Politics of Heaven: America in Fearful Times" included the following observation about the author and the philosopher Leo Strauss: "Here, both Strauss and Shorris, as atheists and fundamentally secular thinkers, are brought up short by their systems' limitations." Shorris Hospitals in the religiously conservative South are doing more to fill a special request that for some critically ill patients takes on the urgency of a lifesaving procedure _ total immersion baptisms. A United States reporter was lectured on Monday by the Lockerbie trial presiding judge after he had demanded to stay in the witness box.
t5798 Israel welcomed Sunday a PLO decision which should see Mahmud Abbas, also known as Abu Mazen, more involved in negotiations on the spread of Palestinian autonomy. They still look like the Bon Jovi of old -- their leather jackets and jeans. And they still act like the boys from New Jersey, proud of their musical brotherhood that spawned numerous hit albums and No. 1 singles. The volcanic ash cloud from Iceland is expected to change directions and head towards the Arctic when the weather changes towards the end of the week, the World Meteorological Organization said Tuesday. If there has ever been any doubt that Churchill Downs is an adequate caretaker of the American treasure known as the Kentucky Derby, the people who run the track proved their worthiness a couple of weeks ago when they announced that a race has been added to the Derby The US Supreme Court in Washington, and a judge in Florida, rejected separate last-minute appeals Thursday to reinsert Terri Schiavo's feeding tube, dealing a double blow to relatives' desperate efforts to keep the brain-damaged woman alive. It was a moment of triumphant discovery likely shared by thousands of parents enduring the annual back-to-school ritual of shopping for school supplies. While some families get a head start by purchasing supplies in early or mid summer, many, like the Cooks, wait until the first week of classes United Airlines' parent company said Thursday it would obey the terms of its recently revoked offer to buy US Airways and pursue the buyout until federal regulators make a final ruling. China possesses a potentially huge telecom market and can accomplish a lot in the third generation of mobile communications domain, experts said.
t2828 Market access emerged Saturday as the key area of continued tension between China and the United States as the two sides prepared to sign a landmark agreement on copyright protection. A New Jersey high school was evacuated after suspicious devices were found in the building Wednesday, one day before final exams, authorities said. World oil prices steadied on Thursday, after recent gains on the back of improving demand and strong company results in the United States, the world's biggest energy user, analysts said. Dr. Otis Brawley, professor of medical oncology and epidemiology at the Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University, is concerned. National data, he said, make him wonder whether the PSA test is saving many lives. Up to 400 Palestinian Christians demonstrated in Jerusalem on Sunday to protest against reports that the Greek Orthodox church has sold two properties in the Old City to foreign Jewish investors. Justice Department officials attended at least a dozen political briefings at the White House since 2001, including some meetings led by Karl Rove, President Bush's chief political adviser, and others that were focused on election trends prior to the 2006 midterm contest, according to documents released Friday. The remains of nearly half the 145 people who died when a Russian airline crashed in Siberia this week have been identified, investigators said Friday. Israel and the Palestinians reached early Thursday morning an understanding on security cooperation aimed at ending the violence that plagued the region since September, Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak's office said.
t4287 Japan's Sega Enterprises Ltd. said on Wednesday that Chinese authorities had raided makers and distributors of counterfeit Sega video games in one of the first moves to tighten copyright protection. A suicide car bomber targeting a NATO convoy in southern Afghanistan on Friday killed 10 people, including five children and a Dutch soldier, amid a fresh wave of violence that also left more than 24 militants dead, officials said. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev flew out of the the Polish city of Krakow Sunday after attending the funeral of Poland's leader Lech Kaczynski, an airport spokesperson said. The idea of using the U.S. military or civilians as peacekeepers or monitors, however, draws a decidedly mixed reaction. Some experts say a U.S. presence is essential while others warn that Americans could become targets for terrorists determined to undermine any settlement. A German company, Aqua Society, announced on Tuesday that it was perfecting a method of extracting drinking water from air humidity and hopes it will help overcome shortages around the world. Q. My spruce trees produce a significant amount of seed cones. Is there a way to capture the seeds and grow seedlings? Stocks were narrowly lower in early trading Tuesday following bad news from Corning that reminded investors that the economy remains weak. Food poisoning killed 28 people in China during the July-September period this year, sounding a food safety alarm bell to Chinese people and public health administrators.
t4141 The captain and 25-member crew of the Spanish trawler Estai, which Canada seized in international waters Thursday for alleged illegal fishing, were released Tuesday, officials said. Accompanied by brass bands and fireworks, the Swiss inaugurated the world's longest overland tunnel Friday, opening a new era of transportation through the Alps -- the natural barrier in the heart of Europe. Dutch airspace will remain closed until at least 8:00 am (0600 GMT) on Monday due to the volcanic ash cloud over Europe, the Dutch transport inspectorate IVW said. US Secretary of State Colin L. Powell Friday night called off his meeting Saturday with Palestinian Authority president Yasser Arafat after a suicide bomber struck in central Jerusalem and Arafat ignored American demands that he condemn the attack. Jordan and Iraq on Tuesday tried to tone down a bruising diplomatic row over a suicide bombing allegedly carried out by a Jordanian, but Baghdad warned it will take time to solve the crisis. The arrest and deportation to Mexico of an illegal immigrant who took sanctuary in a Chicago church to remain near her U.S.-born son has become the latest flashpoint in the nation's immigration debate, with proponents of more liberal immigration laws criticizing the action as heartless and unnecessary, and opponents Tari Phillips scored 20 points as the New York Liberty beat the Indiana Fever 72-65 on Monday night to take sole possession of first place in the Eastern Conference. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak promised on Thursday to carry on the peace legacy of late Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, who was assassinated five years ago for his peace pursuit with the Palestinians.
t1930 China's rapidly-growing trade surplus with the United States is cause for concern, and action is needed to try to curb it, senior US officials said here Wednesday. Andy Roddick lost only four points on his serve Tuesday, beating Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic 6-4, 6-4 to advance to the third round of the Queen's Club grass-court championships. Automaker Daimler became on Wednesday the latest German corporate giant to give in to international pressure over its business ties with Iran, saying it would "restructure" its activities there. These Sports stories for release Friday, April 5, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. The Indian government Friday introduced a controversial patents law in parliament that will prohibit domestic firms from copying and churning out low-cost generic versions of patented drugs. Not everything in the eclectic home of fashion designer Johnson Hartig costs a pretty penny. Or has to. Hartig insists you can cop his interior design style without going broke. A prime example: his dining room. Patrick Rafter moved into the Wimbledon semifinals, beating Thomas Enqvist in straight sets Wednesday and setting up a possible match with Andre Agassi. A total of 150 shuttlers will compete in the upcoming Asian Badminton Championships to be held here from November 1 to 5.
t7860 TAG Heuer demonstrated its resiliency Friday when it overcame unfavorably heavy weather conditions and two gear failures to come from behind for a 23-second win over Nippon in the America's Cup challenger semi-finals. Talks between the World Trade Organization's four most powerful members appear to have collapsed, trade officials said Thursday, a day after officials said the European Union showed flexibility but that India held firm. India's first mainstream gay film festival kicked off this week, with organisers hailing it as a sign of progress after years of prejudice and discrimination. The president of Georgia's lottery has some advice for workers who join office lottery pools: put everything down on paper. The United States on Thursday called for those responsible for the 800,000 people slaughtered during Rwanda's 1994 genocide to be brought to justice and for continued assistance to the survivors. "Hillary wanted you to know that this was our best quarter yet," her campaign manager, Patti Solis Doyle, said in an e-mail Tuesday. "More than 100,000 new donors. A total of $27 million raised -- and $22 million for the primary -- substantially more than any other candidate in Bob Kiley, the New Yorker hired to turn around London's struggling subway, was fired from the system's governing body Tuesday for opposing government plans to partly privatize the network. Donald Tsang, financial secretary of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR), announced here Monday that the government will freeze four major categories of livelihood-related fees and extend concessionary duty rate of ultra-low sulfur diesel as two relief measures for the public.
t2469 Chinese Premier Li Peng left here Friday for Denmark to attend the UN Summit on Social Development, pledging to play an "active role" in discussions on eradicating global poverty. The murder rate in the Netherlands fell to 1.0 per 100,000 people in 2006, the country's Central Bureau for Statistics said Wednesday, the lowest level in a decade. A Brazilian judge has cancelled the tender process to build the world's third biggest hydroelectric dam in the Amazon jungle and suspended a preliminary licence issued for the site. The Palestinian militants battling the Israeli army in the West Bank lack the basic weapons available to the world's guerrilla armies: antitank guns, missiles and land mines that can cripple armored vehicles. Severe floods across much of Afghanistan have killed at least 88 people and left hundreds of people homeless as houses were swept away by the raging waters, officials said Saturday. A draft outline of a surgeon general's report on global health overseen by a Bush administration political appointee in 2005 extolled the administration's efforts to improve health care in Iraq and Afghanistan and promoted an initiative to detect terrorism-related health threats on the U.S.-Mexico border. The president of Guatemala said Thursday he doesn't plan to intervene in human rights cases while his country is in the process of fixing its ``many scars'' in such matters. A national promotion drive on the protection of young peoples' legal rights was hosted Wednesday in this capital of central China's Hubei Province.
t4041 Swedish insurer Skandia announced Monday that it had lost 1.72 billion kronor (238 million dollars) in 1994, compared with a profit of 4.07 billion (565 million dollars) in 1993. Security personnel at Charleroi airport went on strike Friday, canceling or diverting dozens of flights and stranding thousands of travelers. A senior Iranian cleric has claimed that dolled-up women incite extramarital sex, causing more earthquakes in Iran, a country that straddles several fault lines, newspapers reported on Saturday. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev Tuesday accused the nation's opposition of trying to stage a coup d'etat with its protests over a disputed parliamentary poll, and charged that it was directed and financed from abroad. Monday at 2:30 p.m., the clock runs out on the latest deadline for the White House to turn over materials regarding the National Security Agency's eavesdropping program to the Senate Judiciary Committee. President Bush, trying to revive his legislative agenda, urged Congress on Monday to enact public school changes, open government programs to religious charities and pass a patients' rights bill he's willing to sign. Civilian flights to Sri Lanka's northern Jaffna peninsula, which were suspended seven and a half months ago will be resumed by the air force within the next ten days, a military spokesman said Wednesday.
t3646 Suspected Moslem militants shot and wounded a driver in an attack on a bus carrying Japanese tourists in Cairo on Monday, witnesses told AFP. It is not in former Democratic Vice President Al Gore's famous PowerPoint presentation on the environment, but there are some upsides to global warming. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu must show that he is sincere about creating a Palestinian state, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Thursday. A trio of former Masters champions _ Doug Ford, Gay Brewer and Billy Casper _ received a bit of unexpected mail recently, and it wasn't Ed McMahon offering to change their lives. A new British envoy in Sudan on Monday pledged his country's help in implementing a landmark January peace deal between the Sudanese government and southern rebels. Since the moment last week that a Utah mine collapsed with six men trapped inside, mine co-owner Robert Murray has stuck to a simple message. ``The miners could still be alive,'' he says over and over again. ``There are many, many reasons to have hope.'' Outfielder Mike Cameron was added to the AL roster, giving the host Seattle Mariners eight players in Tuesday night's game at Safeco Field, the most for one team in 41 years. French Minister of Transport Jean- Claude Gayssot signed on Tuesday a convention on building and financing the first phase of a bullet train railway to the east.
t831 Proposals that the UN set up an Economic Security Council are likely to come under discussion when a major UN conference aimed at eliminating poverty worldwide starts here Monday. Former Secretary of State Colin Powell said he favors immediately closing the Guantanamo Bay military prison and moving its detainees to U.S. facilities. Health experts on Monday begin examining the controversial response to the first influenza pandemic of the 21st century, nearly a year after global alarm was raised over the new swine flu strain. Many Kansas Citians are betting heavily on one investment for their retirements _ stock in the companies where they work. India's public debt to Russia stands at four billion dollars, according to figures released Wednesday by the office of Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Zhukov. Robert Villarreal, standing at his post behind the customs officers at the border crossing station, knew he was being watched. A slim teenage boy wearing a green T-shirt was furtively peering at him from behind a pillar on the Mexican side. UAL Corp.'s United Airlines is prepared to drop its planned $4.3 billion purchase of US Airways, citing regulatory problems and the worsening economy, according to a published report. The Philippine Senate passed Tuesday on third reading a bill with the title of Integrated Ecological Solid Waste Management Act of 2000.
t7454 US-Japan talks on opening Japan's automobile market will resume in Tokyo on Monday, US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor said here Thursday, stressing that Washington wanted to see progress soon. Bill Hall hit a grand slam and drove in a career-high five runs, and the Milwaukee Brewers swept the struggling Giants 7-5 to extend San Francisco's losing streak to seven on Wednesday. Asia's top-ranked team Australia was pitted against fellow World Cup finalists South Korea at the 2011 Asian Cup draw on Friday while three-times champions Japan will face Saudi Arabia. Ja Rule had said that his upcoming album, ``The Last Temptation,'' was going to be over the top and that he was going to ``gutter it out.'' But now Rule says he's going to keep doing the same thing he's been doing for the past year. Ja has also Japan's unemployment rate in February rose to 4.7 percent from 4.5 percent the previous month, the government said Tuesday in figures that were worse than earlier forecast. The city got through the traditionally violent summer months with 167 gang-related homicides , compared with 214 for the same period last year. Homicides citywide are now at levels not seen since 1970. The Mariners placed All-Star designated hitter Edgar Martinez on the 15-day disabled list Monday night because of a strained left quadriceps muscle. Taiwan share prices opened high and closed even higher Friday, with the weighted index, the market's key barometer, moving up 273.07 points to close at 5,419. 99, according to reports reaching here from Taipei.
t1016 A leading rabbi has issued a decree warning children not to dress up as PLO chairman Yasser Arafat or any other Arab for the Jewish carnival of Purim on March 16. The EADS deputy chief executive tasked with overseeing the Airbus parent's plans and strategies is being replaced, the company said Monday. Up to ten million Hindu pilgrims and hundreds of ash-covered, naked holy men were set to immerse themselves in the sacred waters of India's river Ganges on Wednesday. When Hanna Holtzberg decided not to take an outline of the World Trade Center towers out of the Yellow Pages advertisement for her copy shop, she was sending a patriotic message: terrorism could not defeat her company's spirit. But she never anticipated how the ad for her company, World Share prices in Tokyo opened lower Thursday with the Stock Exchange's benchmark Nikkei-225 index losing 87.23 points or 0.73 percent to 11,785.95 in the first minutes of trading. Top New York officials want to know why, if Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff has a ``gut feeling'' about higher terror risks, he's not sending more money to the nation's No. 1 target. Continued weakness in the U.S. economy, an economic slowdown in Europe and the Asia Pacific region and negative currency effects will cut into Minnesota Mining &amp; Manufacturing Co.'s second-quarter earnings. Information technology (IT) budgets among U.S.-based companies in the manufacturing and services industries will increase in 2001 by an estimated five percent, said a report released Tuesday.
t6422 South Korea is backing out of a protracted battle for the leadership of the fledgling World Trade Organization (WTO) and settling for the number-two slot, a senior government official said here Tuesday. Blackstone Group LP, the world's second-largest private equity fund, will price its much-anticipated initial public offering on Thursday, according to underwriter Morgan Stanley -- roughly a week earlier than expected. Singapore Airlines said Wednesday it had resumed a full service to Europe "with immediate effect" after authorities there reopened airspace previously closed because of cloud of volcanic ash. Just how popular is online dating? Popular enough to help Yahoo (www.yahoo.com) continues its revenue growth despite declining advertising revenue. Three Arab countries paid 101 million dollars to a fund aimed at shoring up the Palestinian Authority's finances, Arab League spokesman Hossam Zaki said Saturday. With careful planning and lots of passion, some baby boomers are turning a dream of an overseas retirement into reality. They're lured to distant climes on the promise of a higher quality of life. Often they discover a lower cost of living, stunning natural beauty and a sense of With a decades-old dispute over the Kashmir region high on the agenda, Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf arrived in India Saturday for a landmark summit aimed at smoothing stormy relations between these two nuclear rivals. Circuit Judge Jorge Labarga, in his written ruling, said that " the relief sought by the plaintiffs is not permitted by law." He added that he expected his decision would be appealed.
t4117 A fishing dispute between the European Union and Canada escalated Tuesday with Spain saying it would reintroduce visas for visiting Canadians and warning it could sever all links with Ottawa. A U.S. envoy on Friday appealed to Kosovo to maintain calm and disciplined as the process toward independence was taking longer than expected. Two German men, aged 45 and 55, were kidnapped Sunday from a beach in Nigeria's oil-producing southeast, a security source said. The mild-mannered bank manager poked his head into the doorway, then quickly pulled it back. His wife was at work, and he did not want to look. He has never looked. He is afraid of corpses. Kenya on Tuesday lashed out at graft watchdog Transparency International (TI) over its charge that a government minister has stashed more than 10 million dollars of ill-gotten cash in foreign accounts. Billionaire New York hotel owner Leona Helmsley, who was nicknamed the ``Queen of Mean'' for her treatment of employees and who was jailed for tax evasion, died Monday at age 87 at her summer home in Greenwich, Conn. Alcatel SA said Monday it will cut another 2,500 jobs in its U.S. operations because of the continuing slump in telecommunications equipment sales. Wall Street stocks continued falling Thursday as investors waited for the results of the U.S. president election held on November 7.
t7678 Chechen commanders vowed Friday to make a last stand at Shali before retreating to mountain bases as Russian forces tightened their grip on the separatist republic. Mongolia will ban all sports and entertainment events in a national day of mourning for 15 people killed in a helicopter crash, the government announced Thursday, as opposition lawmakers called for three officials connected to the accident to resign. Germany said on Friday that it stood ready to show "solidarity" with Greece but that there was no urgent need to provide aid as Athens's debt is fully financed into next month. These business stories for release Saturday, April 27, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. When elderly Emilie de la Touche woke up and decided she had to go to Rome to see the pope, she didn't wait. A chorus of clanging metal and clunking lumber burst the morning air in this village as farmers reclined on jute cots, smoking water pipes and supervising the construction of fancy mansions with marble floors and spiraling columns. Along narrow dirt tracks, buffaloes and tractors jostled for space with shiny House members tangled over the fuel efficiency of automobiles and a proposal to drill for oil in an Arctic wildlife refuge as two committees began working Tuesday on key elements of President Bush's energy blueprint. The Azores' islands regional government announced on Friday the slaughter of imported cattle, especially those coming from Germany, in order to prevent the spread of "mad cow" disease.
t3431 More than 30 Chinese cities have reintroduced grain and oil coupons, rolling back market-oriented price reforms in an attempt to combat high inflation caused by inadequate supplies, the Worker's Daily said Monday. Freddie Mac, the second largest U.S. buyer and guarantor of home mortgages, reported a first-quarter loss of $211 million (euro158.6 million), mainly from erosion in the value of financial instruments it uses to hedge against interest rate swings. The 16-nation eurozone surged out of trade deficit with the rest of the world in February, posting a 2.6 billion euro (3.5 billion dollar) surplus, official figures showed Friday. Advancements in veterinary medicine have been remarkable and can help animals live longer and healthier lives. But they also can take a big bite out of the budget, sometimes exceeding the individual's ability to pay and forcing a decision between going into debt or euthanizing the animal. Lloyds TSB, Britain's fifth-largest bank, became on Monday the country's first high street bank to offer mortgage services compatible with Islamic Sharia law. Mary Murphy, a water ski enthusiast who set age and endurance records when she rode a hydrofoil water ski from Long Beach, Calif., to Catalina Island and back when she was 84, has died. She was 89. Florida Marlins right-hander Brad Penny strained a muscle in his left rib cage Saturday and could be headed for the disabled list. A coalition of traditional leaders gathered in Pretoria on Monday to consider what they regard as inadequate government proposals on their role in local governments.
t7854 Pete Sampras and Andre Agassi, the world's top two tennis players, lined up another showdown here Friday when they reached the final of the 4.1-million-dollar Lipton championships. Indian shares climbed for the third straight session Thursday, tracking regional markets and led by fund buying in index heavyweight State Bank of India, or SBI, and engineering and construction major Larsen &amp; Toubro. Greece's debt crisis weighed on sentiment Friday, with Asian markets mostly lower and the euro hitting a one-year low after the European Union raised its estimate for the country's deficit. The economy grew this winter at its fastest pace in more than two years, the government said on Friday, delivering a clear sign that the recession has ended and that a new expansion has started briskly. Course specialist Stephen Scahill of New Zealand is the joint leader with Wales' Kyron Sullivan on eight under par 64 after the first round of the Madeira Open here on Thursday. Brown's announcement came at a time of deepening disenchantment with the war in Britain, which has about 5,500 remaining troops here compared to 44,000 in 2003. The departing troops would include 500 already slated to go home after withdrawing last month from the last British base in Basra city Bond prices fell Tuesday, as investors paused from recent buying and waited to hear testimony expected Wednesday from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan. Markus Kleinheinz, member of Austria's luge team, has been banned for two years for using cannabis, Austrian news agency APA said on Monday.
t7966 The Turkish army's offensive against Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq is an exercise in "self-defence" that will bring benefits to the rest of the world, Prime Minister Tansu Ciller said Saturday. Mayor Michael Bloomberg lived most of his life as a Democrat before switching to the Republican Party when he ran for mayor, yet he never really fit in with either party. Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini believes his side can still qualify for the Champions League despite seeing goalkeeper Shay Given go off injured in a goalless draw at Arsenal on Saturday. Five settler families drove in a convoy east through the desert toward the Dead Sea, past silent Bedouin villages silvered by the light of a nearly full moon. Some 61 percent of Japanese voters support plans to revise the pacifist constitution, although opinion remains divided on how far Japan should move away from its renunciation of war, a survey said Friday. Sen. Patrick J. Leahy, D-Vt., chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said in a letter to Mukasey on Wednesday that he intended to hold the nominee to a higher standard in light of the administration's refusal to turn over subpoenaed materials about the politically charged firing last year of nine A Senate panel approved legislation Tuesday that would give the Agriculture Department $2.5 million to make sure slaughterhouses aren't butchering hogs and cattle while they are still conscious. The World Bank has suspended its 2.7 billion Zimbabwean dollars (50 million U.S. dollars) rehabilitation and conservation project in Zimbabwe's 11 major national parks, dealing a severe blow to efforts to resuscitate the country's tourism industry, the Herald newspaper reported on Monday.
t4321 The number of people unemployed in Britain fell by 27,400 in February from the figure in January to 2.36 million, or 8.4 percent of the workforce from 8.5 percent, the employment ministry said on Wednesday. Poland's prime minister reiterated his opposition Friday to proposed changes in the voting system envisaged under the European Union's draft constitution, insisting his solution already represents a compromise. Air traffic remained seriously disrupted across Europe Sunday as a cloud of ash released from Iceland's volcanic eruption forced many countries to close their airspace. As the crowds swelled into the hundreds of thousands, President Hugo Chavez went on the air on Thursday and told the nation he was fully in control during the greatest crisis of his tumultuous three years in office. An outbreak of haemorrhagic fever that has claimed the lives of 96 people, many of them children, in northern Angola has been caused by the Marburg virus, Angola's deputy health minister said Tuesday. Let's say the 7-year-old daughter of illegal immigrants working in a big American city wakes up this morning with a high fever and a rash. A jury on Tuesday spared the life of a terrorist in the deadly 1998 bombing of a U.S. embassy in Africa _ opting instead for a sentence of life in prison without parole. The Bulgarian Parliament Wednesday approved, on the first reading, a bill to lower corporate income tax rates, according to press reports here.
t6171 German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel on Monday rejected a call by the chief of the Russian general staff to immediately dissolve the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Cadbury Schweppes PLC said Tuesday it plans to close 15 percent of its factories by 2011 and cut employment by a like amount as it focuses on candy and gum and spins off its drinks division. Ben Roethlisberger, the quarterback who led the Pittsburgh Steelers to two Super Bowl titles, will be suspended from four to six games for violating the NFL's personal conduct policy, ESPN reported Wednesday. In a drizzle early on Wednesday, April 3, as Cobra helicopters thumped the air overhead, Israeli infantry troops accompanied by armored bulldozers and tanks approached the fringes of this camp. Wigan marked their first post-Andy Farrell game by surviving a spirited 14-point comeback from second-placed St Helens to emerge 22-20 winners in an enthralling Super League clash here on Friday. Of course she was intrigued. Susan Sarandon had spent the previous three years protesting the war and now Oscar-winning writer-director Paul Haggis was on the phone, asking her to take a role in his new movie exploring the psychological aftershocks plaguing soldiers returning from Iraq. Armyworms have devoured fields across the Northeast and the Midwest this spring and summer in the biggest infestation in decades, and the second wave of the invasion is about to begin. Taiwan's divorce rate is surging to a new high and the age of estranged couples is increasing too, reported Taiwan's local media.
t6910 Dozens of Hutus fled the working class Bwiza neighbourhood of Bujumbura on Wednesday as soldiers of the Tutsi-dominated army patrolled the streets after murderous clashes. Ryan Howard homered and drove in four runs and Kyle Hendrick earned his first major league victory as Philadelphia beat Cleveland 9-6 on Tuesday. Barack Obama railed at unfettered corporate greed Thursday as he laced his defining pitch for US financial reform with stark warnings that if the bid fails the economic crisis will be repeated. As the Senate backed a plan Tuesday to triple the amount of ethanol in gasoline _ possibly leading to more expensive prices at the pumps for Californians _ a House committee revealed ``perhaps alarming'' indications of price fixing among ethanol producers. A late goal from AC Milan's attacking midfielder Kaka gave world champions Brazil a 1-0 win over Peru in their South America zone World Cup qualifier here on Sunday. I don't love this particular shade of pink; it feels like, in some cases, the disease has been turned into a commodity, and not all the sponsors actually donate proceeds toward the cure. John Smoltz, apparently priming for a return in the Atlanta Braves bullpen, will begin a rehab assignment Tuesday with Double-A Greenville. U.S. Republican vice presidential candidate Dick Cheney was admitted into hospital here on Wednesday morning after suffering from chest pains.
t8186 Environmentalists Sunday stepped up calls for a central toxic waste treatment plant after enough cyanide was dumped in a Malaysian holiday resort to kill seven million people. The Associated Press has learned the Bush administration is nearing a decision to close the Guantanamo Bay terrorist detention facility. Accusations of harassment and even of murder have led to escalating tensions in Ethiopia between the long-entrenched ruling party and the opposition, a month ahead of general elections. PORTLAND, Ore. - The frustration for fans and teams over the time between games in the first round of the playoffs will be addressed by the NBA in the offseason. The requiem mass for Pope John Paul II ended Friday at 12:30 pm (1030 GMT), drawing lengthy applause from the huge throng of mourners and state leaders massed on Saint Peter's Square. It's been a big year for Master Chief, the animated killing-machine star of the Halo video game franchise. First, he saved the universe by blasting aliens with a plasma rifle. In the process, he boosted sales of Microsoft's Xbox 360 game console. Now, the helmeted hero has helped Halo's Stocks fell moderately in early trading Wednesday with the market giving part of Tuesday's advance as investors feared an even longer wait for an economic rebound. Sri Lankan government made no immediate response to keenly awaited Separatist Tamil Tiger rebel leader Velupillai Prabhakaran's unconditional offer of peace talks on Monday in his annual Hero's Day speech aimed at ending the 17- year bloody ethnic war in the country.
t2854 Prince Charles is to meet with the highest Sunni Moslem authority, Sheikh Gad al-Haq Ali Gad al-Haq of Al-Azhar, as part of a "dialogue with Islam" during a visit to Egypt, his press secretary said on Saturday. Results Wednesday from the Barcelona KIA, a euro108,600 (US$145,000) WTA Tour event on the outdoor clay courts of the Centro Municipal de Tenis (seedings in parentheses): Police in the Afghan capital seized thousands of bottles of alcohol from restaurants and bars frequented by foreigners, local media reported Thursday. It has taken a quiet, methodical effort over several years to put the conservative stamp of the national Southern Baptist Convention on Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, longer than any of the denomination's other five seminaries, critics and supporters say. Lebanon's crisis deepened Sunday with the opposition spurning a plea for dialogue from the pro-Syrian president and as a UN envoy said he feared another high-profile political killing in the country. The Federal Communications Commission last week issued what some people might consider just another boring set of rules, the kind that bureaucracies churn out all the time and are ignored by most of the public. By failing to deal with air rage, airlines and government agencies are putting air travelers increasingly at risk, say flight attendants who allege 4,000 incidents a year of unacceptable passenger behavior. Chilean President Ricardo Lagos began his three-day official visit in Uruguay on Wednesday afternoon. His trip will enhance bilateral ties and reiterate Chile's Latin American identity foreign policy.
t618 An Australian state premier pricked his finger on a discarded syringe Sunday when joining an anti-litter campaign which cleared thousands of tonnes of rubbish and uncovered a woman's body. The death toll from a wall collapse in a Nairobi slum rose to 14, including three babies, after emergency workers dug through rubble and found more bodies, police said Sunday. Health experts on a WHO probe which began on Monday said the lack of a severity assessment and fears raised by the deadly bird flu hampered the response to the swine flu pandemic over the past year. Hollis Price's answer was both simple and direct and, if accurate, perhaps the most telling sign of how today's first national semifinal between his Oklahoma team and Indiana will go. Interior ministers from some 20 member states of the Council of Europe are due to gather Thursday in Warsaw for two days of talks focused on fighting terrorism and organised crime in Europe. The unemployment rate held steady last month at 4.5 percent and wages rose moderately, the Labor Department said Friday, indicating the overall job market remains solid despite the slumping housing market and struggling U.S. auto industry. A criminal court sentenced a Kuwaiti man to 10 years in jail Saturday for plotting to bomb Israel's trade office in Qatar with explosives he had hidden in the desert. Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji Monday called for developing China's western region in a down-to- earth manner, saying that western development is a long and arduous task.
t5473 Tamil Tiger guerrillas have warned the Sri Lankan government that it would face "regrettable decisions" if it failed to meet key rebel demands by March 28, Tamil sources said Saturday. Weightlifting coach Sevdalin Marinov was banned for life from involvement in competition after a second doping breach, the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority said Monday. The United States said Tuesday it was "skeptical" of a South Korean television report that North Korea is preparing for a third nuclear test in the coming months. Evan Burns, a standout basketball player at Fairfax High in L.A., signed a letter of intent with UCLA on Wednesday, though some question remains as to whether Burns will attend the school. Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq, who marked his 100th Test with a superb century against India on Thursday, said he had been determined to lead from the front. With Congress back from recess, Washington is resuming discussion of the sub-prime mortgage mess and how government might help the millions of American homeowners facing foreclosure. News that Microsoft expects to beat quarterly revenue estimates boosted stocks Thursday, allowing Wall Street to build on momentum from better-than-expected earnings from Yahoo! and Motorola. APEC leaders Wednesday held their annual dialogue with the APEC Business Advisory Council (ABAC), a permanent private sector body established by the leaders in November 1995 to advise them on issues of importance to business in the region.
t691 About a thousand communist demonstrators gathered in a central Moscow square on Sunday to commemorate the 42nd anniversary of Stalin's death. Kosovo's prime minister hailed comments by U.S. President George W. Bush Sunday that the disputed Serbian province of Kosovo should gain independence. US auto giant General Motors said Monday it expected its annual car sales in China to hit more than three million vehicles in 2015 as the country's car market continues to outpace that in the US. Milton Berle brought the last gasp of vaudeville into the new medium of television with jokes about alcoholics, ethnic groups and his wife. Here are some of his favorites, from ``Milton Berle's Private Joke File.'' Ba-dum-bump! A group of people with 400 loaves of bread were battling against the rain in northwest England Wednesday to make the world's largest mosaic out of toast, a spokeswoman said. Hillary Rodham Clinton looked enviously at her husband's malted milkshake at a roadside ice cream shop. Then, unable to resist, she dipped in a plastic spoon. Sitting side by side at the counter, cooing over the array of flavors, the Clintons seemed the picture of marital bliss, like any When Court TV began 10 years ago, its logo displayed ``COURT'' in the sort of no-nonsense lettering you might find carved above the columns of a courthouse. The message was clear. Zambian Defence Minister Chitalu Sampa has dismissed allegations that Zambia was hiding the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) rebels fleeing war in Angola.
t5913 He got to work fast and it was a revitalised Will Carling and Co that produced three tries against Ireland, three against France and three against Wales. Of those nine, seven came from the backs, with wingers Rory Underwood claiming two and brother Tony three. Duke University has reached an undisclosed financial settlement with three former lacrosse players falsely accused of rape, the school said Monday. Lufthansa is planning to operate around 200 flights on Tuesday, less than 15 percent of its normal schedule, a spokesman for the German carrier told AFP. The parent company of The Harvard Business Review is writing a code of ethics. Walter Kiechel, editorial director of Harvard Business School Publishing, refers to it as ``tenets of community behavior.'' Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh held talks here Friday with Myanmar ministers during a visit aimed at strengthening ties between the two neighbours, officials said. On Sept. 16, the road will be shut down from Avalanche to Siyeh Bend, cutting off access to 6,646-foot Logan Pass, a popular lookout point, and the Logan Pass Visitors Center. Hikers and bikers will be able to travel six miles beyond the closure, but the visitor center will Tangela Smith scored a season-high 27 points and made a tiebreaking free throw with 17.4 seconds left, lifting the Sacramento Monarchs to a 69-67 victory Thursday night over the Utah Starzz. Greece's equity prices Friday fell sharply with the general index on the Athens Stock Exchange ( ASE) ending 1.87 percent lower at 3,411.76 points.
t1142 China is to raise the question of its entrance into the World Trade Organisation (WTO) during a visit this weekend by US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor, Foreign Minister Qian Qichen said on Friday. Former Charlton Athletic striker Kim Grant lodged a complaint with soccer's world governing body FIFA and the Football Association of Singapore after being sacked by his S-League club for swearing, a newspaper reported Wednesday. European air traffic could be disrupted for two days, depending on how the cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland develops, a spokesman for the intergovernmental Eurocontrol agency said Thursday. The police in France partially identified on Saturday the assailants in a firebombing of a synagogue in southern France this week as Arabs of North African origin known to the police for petty crime and delinquency. All three men are in police custody. The European Union on Saturday accused the United States of unilaterally breaking off transatlantic talks on subsidies to aircraft makers Airbus and Boeing. Christy Freeman's story seemed to make no sense. The 37-year-old patient with signs of vaginal bleeding, a 7- to 8-month-old placenta in her womb and an irregular cut to the umbilical cord told doctors she hadn't been pregnant. Trials are under way in China for an American citizen and a U.S. resident who are charged with spying Taiwan, the State Department said Thursday. Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erekat is carrying two messages to U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and U.S. President Bill Clinton, which spelled out terms by the Palestinian side on ending the bloody clashes in the Palestinian territories.
t5724 Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's embattled Congress (I) party assumed office Sunday in the far eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh after gaining a consolation victory in a string of state polls. The Bush administration renewed efforts Monday to press the Iraqi government to clamp down on sectarian violence as the U.S. commander in Baghdad warned it could take as long as a decade to stabilize the country. The space shuttle Discovery passed up the first opportunity to land in Florida early Tuesday because of fog and rain showers at the Kennedy Space Center. By a unanimous vote, the Senate passed a bill Thursday to increase the security of the nation's borders, to improve enforcement of immigration laws and to restrict the admission of visitors from countries that support terrorism. Barry Bonds, who said he might miss half or all of the upcoming Major League Baseball season, will resume his right knee rehabilitation away from teammates, the San Francisco Giants announced. For two hours, President Bush listened to contrasting visions of the U.S. future in Iraq. Gen. David H. Petraeus dominated the conversation by video link from Baghdad, making the case to keep as many troops as long as possible to cement any security progress. Adm. William J. Fallon, his Like a computer, the human brain can crash in big or small ways. A spectacular new show at the Smithsonian Institution will tell not only how it happens but what can be done about it. SEOUL, November 16 (Xinhua) -- South Korea and Japan will co- host the FIFA Confederations Cup next year as a rehearsal for the 2002 World Cup, the head of FIFA said Thursday.
t1683 Dozens of people were killed in Kabul overnight in one of the worst rocket attacks here in months, and on Wednesday troops loyal to Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani prepared a new infantry assault against their Shiite rivals. The Yugoslav war crimes tribunal convicted a wartime leader of Croatia's rebel Serbs of murder, torture and persecution Tuesday and sentenced him to 35 years in prison for a brutal ethnic cleansing campaign of non-Serbs in Croatia. US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will meet her Finnish counterpart in Helsinki next week during a one-day visit to the Nordic country on her way to a NATO foreign ministers meeting in Estonia, the Finnish foreign ministry said Wednesday. Disarmament and human rights experts say in a report to be published on Thursday that the United States' rejection or disregard of a range of treaties is undercutting efforts by many other countries to strengthen the international rule of law. The director of the Prague national library, Vlastimil Jezek, paid 346.644 euros (463.617 dollars) at a Paris auction Thursday for a manuscript history of Bohemia. The obituary of Lady Bird Johnson that moved July 11 said President Lyndon B. Johnson withdrew from the 1968 presidential race with the words ``I will not seek, nor will I accept, the nomination of my party'' In fact, he said: ``I shall not seek and I will not Crude and products futures at the New York Mercantile Exchange ended higher Tuesday, as traders moved to cover short positions when it became clear the vote on Iraq's oil-for-food program extension wouldn't come until after the end of trading. The euro fell to a new historic low on Thursday, of 0.8252 against the U.S. dollar, down from the previous day's 0.8307.
t4754 Katja Seizinger of Germany won a super giant slalom in 1min 20.93sec here on Thursday to claim the World Cup title for the speciality. The U.S. military, which just days ago completed its latest troop buildup in Iraq, has launched a large offensive operation in several al-Qaida strongholds around Baghdad, the top U.S. commander said Saturday. Volcanic ash from last week's eruption in Iceland disrupted domestic flights in North America for the first time Monday, as Canadian officials cancelled nine flights out of Saint John's, Newfoundland. ``And these signs shall follow them that believe; . . . They shall take up serpents,'' Mark 16:17-18 says. And many in the Appalachians see that as a command, not an observation. Maverick Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi on Wednesday upstaged the final session of the Arab summit with an unscheduled address describing Israel and the Palestinians as "idiots", leaving his audience in fits of laughter. I loved "The Nanny Diaries," the 2002 bestseller by a pair of former nannies who served up a merciless satire of the overly moneyed in Manhattan, their neglected children and their exploitive ways with the domestic help. Part comedy, part class commentary, the novel was a good laugh, and Family members of the 8-year-old boy who survived a shark attack take turns standing at his bedside in an intensive care room crammed with machines helping him fight for life. More than 900 Catholic in Beijing on Sunday held a Mass to pray for Beijing to succeed in staging the Olympic Games in the year of 2008.
t9918 Japanese share prices fell on Friday and the key index showed a closing loss of 2.3 percent lower after early gains were offset by futures-linked selling triggered by the Bank of Japan's reluctance to lower its discount rate. No former soldiers or police will face trial over the 1989 assassination of a top Belfast lawyer who specialized in defending IRA clients, British state prosecutors announced Monday. Wales centre James Hook could miss the two-Test tour of New Zealand in June after learning he needs surgery to address a long-standing shoulder problem. Perhaps many people have dreamed of taking off on an outdoors adventure with limited provisions and living in the wild for weeks, exploring, fishing and camping. Defending Monte Carlo Masters champion and 2004 French Open runner-up Guillermo Coria believes Roger Federer could endure another shattering Roland Garros heartbreaker this season. The world's biggest software company on Thursday reported its largest-ever quarterly profit for its division that makes the Xbox console and such games as the smash hit "Halo 3." Strong demand for "Halo" put Microsoft's entertainment division into the black with a $165 million profit, reversing a year-earlier loss A woman accused of laundering money for Mexico's most powerful drug cartel used drug profits to acquire a string of luxury homes around this border city, police said Friday. Lebanese Finance Minister Fouad Siniora arrived in Baghdad on Thursday by plane, leading an official delegation for a visit aimed at cementing cooperation.
t3231 Some 600,000 children were born into poverty during the past 10 days, adding to the 1.3 billion people living in absolute poverty worldwide, a UN official said Sunday. Afghanistan's Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak on Thursday dismissed claims by a top U.S. State Department official that there was "irrefutable evidence" that the Iranian government was providing arms to Taliban rebels. Reconciliation between the peoples in the Balkan is a "moral imperative" for Serbia, President Boris Tadic said in an opinion article published in the Wall Street Journal on Friday. At the opening of ``The Sweet Smell of Success'' last month, a successful New York guy I know took me aside for a lecture that was anything but sweet. US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Monday urged China to reduce tensions in the Taiwan Strait, saying an anti-secession law was not welcome and unhelpful for any eventual reunification. Experts who advocate open adoption as well as those who oppose it say that adoptees grapple with a sense of loss. Virtually all adoptees understand that they have been given up by their birth parents and fear deep down that they might be given up again. It was one of the nation's most lurid child abuse cases and it still polarizes more than 15 years later. Russian figure skater Irina Slutskaya led the women's short program in Skate Canada International in Missisauga, Ontario on Friday night.
t7139 New Zealand's environment minister approved the building of a power station by the state-owned Electricity Corporation (ECNZ) but, in a radical move, also ordered it to plant forests to offset the carbon- dioxide emissions, on Thursday. British pharmaceutical company Shire PLC said Wednesday it entered an agreement with Renovo Group PLC to develop that company's Juvista anti-scarring treatment. Hong Kong's inflation rate rose two percent year on year in March, official figures showed Thursday, mainly due to the end of government subsidies for electricity. These feature stories are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Stories are for release Thursday, April 25, 2002, unless otherwise embargoed. Lebanese authorities, agreeing to a UN commission to investigate the murder of former premier Rafiq Hariri, have surrendered a degree of sovereignty that could have far-reaching political consequences both in Beirut and Damascus. The appeals panel, the U.S. Court of Military Commission Review, ruled that the commissions set up by Congress and the Defense Department did have jurisdiction to decide whether Omar Khadr was an unlawful enemy combatant. Russia's Serguei Ivanov won the ninth stage of the Tour de France on Monday, and Australia's Stuart O'Grady again held the yellow jersey. U.S. Republican presidential candidate George W. Bush on Wednesday authorized his lawyers to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court to stop the ongoing hand recounts of ballots in Florida.
t6142 Gulf Arab states are pursuing plans to set up an advanced air defence system, the US aircraft company Hughes said on Monday. Efforts to seek autonomy for Tibet are hitting a brick wall because of the hard-line attitudes among some senior officials in China, the Dalai Lama said Tuesday. World number one Tiger Woods will play in next month's Players Championship, what will be the third event in his comeback from a sex scandal, the US PGA Tour announced Wednesday. Although the Venezuelan leader hadn't slept for two days, he insisted on making the trip. After all, dozens of officers had rebelled against him, but the paratroopers at Maracay had remained loyal and helped foil the uprising. The European Union on Friday called on the people of Kyrgyzstan to refrain from violence and behave "responsibly," while offering to cooperate with the ex-Soviet state's new leaders after the uprising there. How perplexing. I should, you should, we all should hate "The Brave One," for it celebrates the assassin's cold rage, superb shot placement and, if not the civic virtue of revenge, at least its primal emotional power. But it's hard to hate, because as a rabble-rouser it is superbly When Cheb Mami started singing as a boy in Algeria, rai music was banned from the radio because of its irreverent lyrics about desire, politics and the problems of everyday life. The general price index at Tehran Stock Exchange closed at 2,802.73 points on Saturday, up 6. 95 points from last Wednesday's finish.
t5908 Tomba has made no secret of the fact that he wants to win a World Championship gold medal before he retires. He had planned to quit at the end of this season but with the championships put back a year the Italian will be on the slopes again next Top diplomats from four ex-Soviet republics met in the Azerbaijani capital Monday on the first day of a two-day summit for a regional grouping seen as an attempt to counterbalance Russia's wide influence. China Minsheng Banking Corp., which raised almost four billion US dollars from its Hong Kong initial public offering last year, said Tuesday that its 2009 net profit surged more than 50 percent. Masoumeh Ebtekar, aged 41, is one of Iran's vice presidents. She is an immunologist by training and a women's rights activist. When Iranian militants seized American diplomats as hostages in the U.S. Embassy in 1979, she was the militants' chief spokeswoman. Japanese share prices closed 0.13 percent higher Friday as a firmer dollar eased fears that a strong yen would hurt exports, still the main driver for local economic growth, dealers said. Why are court-martial convictions seemingly hard to come by? The homicides of 24 Haditha civilians, including women and children, for example, resulted in court-martial charges against eight Marines, including four officers. Almost two years later, however, charges have been dropped against -- so far -- two of the four A federal judge on Thursday dismissed a lawsuit that challenged the constitutionality of state programs that specifically benefit Native Hawaiians. A British citizen was killed and his wife lightly injured in a car explosion in the central shopping district of the Saudi capital Riyadh Friday, said a Saudi police officer.
t5373 Thomson-CSF Group, which holds 18.92 percent of Credit Lyonnais bank, will suffer a loss for 1994 about half of the 1993 level on international accounting standards, which would make about 1.15 billion francs, a group spokesman said on Friday. U.S. nuclear envoy Christopher Hill said he hopes inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog will be able to visit North Korea soon after a breakthrough in a snarled disarmament process. European aerospace giant EADS announced on Tuesday it will bid on a 35-billion- dollar deal to supply the US Air Force with new aerial refueling tankers, pitting the company against archrival Boeing. Clive Davis is all ears. It's a description that might cause a less easygoing record executive to suggest something a little less surreal. Giuliana Sgrena, the Italian journalist wounded by US troops in Iraq as her month-long kidnap ordeal was coming to an end, was discharged from a Rome hospital Thursday nearly three weeks after her return from Iraq. Miyoshi Umeki, a Japanese-born singer and actress who became the first Asian performer to win an Academy Award, for "Sayonara" (1957), distinguished herself onstage in "Flower Drum Song" and played a housekeeper on the TV series "The Courtship of Eddie's Father," died Aug. 28 at Licking Park Manor nursing U.S. tobacco giant Philip Morris began building a $300 million cigarette factory in the Philippines on Thursday, which the company called its largest investment project in Asia. Greek Deputy Foreign Minister for overseas Greeks affairs Angeliki Laiou has resigned for personal reasons, government spokesman Dimitris Reppas announced Wednesday.
t3236 President Suharto of Indonesia, current head of the Non-Aligned Movement, arrived here Sunday flanked by a business delegation to discuss bolstering economic links with Croatia, the Croatian news agency Hina reported. Beirut bade farewell on Thursday to victims of a powerful car bombing that killed a prominent anti-Syrian legislator and nine other people as the government -- reeling from another blow targeting its supporters -- sought international help. France and Kuwait opened the way for joint nuclear energy projects in the Gulf country, giving major French players a foothold months after they embarrassingly lost a big contract in the region. The acquisition was the largest ever by a Mexican company of a U.S. company, and it made Cemex the largest cement producer in the United States. Taiwan's Taya Electric Wire and Cable will launch an initial public offering (IPO) worth about 2.3 million dollars in Vietnam next month, becoming the first foreign firm to list in the country, officials said Monday. Adoption agencies estimate that 90 percent of infant adoptions in the United States are open enough for adoptive and birth parents to meet at least once -- and a quarter are completely open. Heavy winds sent a huge tree crashing down on spectators at a Yiddish music concert, killing 11 people and injuring 85 others, 17 of them seriously. The Second Internet Journalism Congress will be held on November 13-15 in the State of Mexico with participants expected from Peru, Guatemala, Brazil, the United States,Costa Rica, Spain and Mexico, said the Superior Studies Technological Institute of Monterrey on Friday.
t9155 Opposition members paralysed parliament for a second day on Wednesday to protest against the imposition of federal rule in the eastern state of Bihar. Around 15,000 labor union members protested in downtown Prague Saturday against the government's proposed tax reforms and cuts in welfare spending. Reigning champion Rafael Nadal insisted his number three ranking would have no affect ahead of the defence of his Rome Masters 1000 title this week. Like the weather in some temperate areas, if you don't like the latest economic report, just wait a bit and another will likely come along that is more pleasing. Defending champion Valentino Rossi of Yamaha held off a challenge from home hope Sete Gibernau to win the opening race of the season at the Spanish MotoGP here on Sunday. The underlying concept isn't hard to swallow: We are all schooled in musicals, one way or another, and many television shows already license pop songs to help sell their wares -- this just adds a little choreography. Indeed, the new series could stand to be a lot stranger and Uranium miners and residents exposed to radiation from Cold War-era nuclear weapons tests will finally see promised compensation for their illnesses. More than 400 Thai soldiers in East Timor will return home early next year, as the United Nations will scale down its peacekeeping forces in the newly-independent state, the Thai News Agency (TNA) said on Sunday.
t4488 Japanese and Russian officials both expressed satisfaction here Wednesday with negotiations on fishing rights off the disputed Kuril islands, Russian news agencies said. Men packed on a sidewalk outside a Sunni mosque for Friday prayers glared as we passed by. The Humvee driver said he had an ominous feeling. Less than a minute later, an explosion shattered the relative quiet of the armored vehicle and the blast pounded my feet, dust flew Defending champion Jenson Button delivered a perfectly judged drive in treacherous wet conditions to win Sunday's dramatic Chinese Grand Prix ahead of his McLaren team-mate Lewis Hamilton. The events of Sept. 11 served to rekindle a wave of patriotism this country had not seen in a half-century or more. This renewed spirit has manifested itself in many ways _ mostly through the display of Old Glory in numerous shapes and sizes. Two people were killed and three injured early on Wednesday, Lebanese television said, in a blast which devastated a shopping centre north of Beirut, in what was suspected to be the second attack since last month's killing of ex premier Rafiq Hariri sent the country into political turmoil. Gustavo Moncayo's small-town life of quiet anonymity was marked by daily church services and a two-block walk to the public school where he taught social studies. On special days, he said, he'd play his flute. Architect Frank Gehry is mixing his distinctive undulating forms with materials and elements common to the South _ such as terraces, front porches, white siding and metal roofs _ in a new museum planned in this coastal city. China's steel giant Baoshan Iron &amp; Steel Co. Ltd will go public soon, a move which is expected to raise at least seven billion yuan for the company.
t5939 The New York Times urged President Bill Clinton's administration Sunday to end the 33-year-old US economic embargo on Cuba, saying the current US policy was a misguided relic of the Cold War. Precision Castparts Corp., an Oregon-based maker of metal products for aerospace and other applications, said Monday it will acquire Scottish metal recycler Caledonian Alloys Group Ltd. for an undisclosed sum. The dollar rose slightly against the major currencies in Asian trade Tuesday as investors awaited a speech by the US Federal Reserve chief while monitoring the lingering Greek debt crisis. Around 9 p.m. on Feb. 4, Michael Buckley, the chief executive of Allied Irish Banks, received a long-distance telephone call, the kind that bankers dread. Tanzanian divers on Friday resumed searching for the missing bodies of four of eight crew members who died when their Moldovan-registered cargo plane crashed into Lake Victoria, officials said. I never thought I would find myself defending Jerry Lewis. Like a lot of people of my generation (and, unless you live in France, the one before that and quite possibly the one before that), my brain just isn't wired to appreciate the charms of his act, which always Scientists studying the possibility of extraterrestrial life were encouraged by members of Congress, just seven years after some lawmakers dismissed the efforts as a search for ``little green men.'' Thai vice prime minister and commerce minister Supachai Panitchpakdi meets Abulaiti Abudurexiti, chairman of China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region here late Friday.
t767 Russian forces Sunday cut off the last road leading from central Chechnya to the neighboring republic of Ingushetia to the west after intense artillery attacks and air raids, witnesses said. Two drunken soldiers shot and killed six civilians, including a nine-year old boy, after arguing with guests at a party in southern Colombia, the army said. Europe united with Poland in grief on Monday over the plane disaster that killed the country's president as relatives of victims of the air crash in Russia waited to identify the mutilated remains. St. Louis manager Tony La Russa says it took only 10 days last spring to recognize the major-league magic in Albert Pujols, the most dramatic Dominican discovery since Vladimir Guerrero. The European Union on Wednesday delayed the start of EU entry talks with Croatia due to lack of progress in finding a key war crimes suspect, but insisted the door remains open as soon as Zagreb cooperates fully with the UN war crimes tribunal. By all rights, this should have been a big moment for the president's compassion agenda. But like so much during his second term, things are not going exactly as planned. The first lady recently returned from a four-nation tour of Africa designed to highlight the administration's ramped-up effort to Over 600 objects of African art from a private collection were sold in Paris this weekend during a two-day auction billed by art experts as the most important sale of African art in 35 years. Iraq earned 508 million U.S. dollars in revenue from oil exports in the week to October 20 under the United Nations humanitarian "oil-for-food" program, the U.N. Office of Iraq Program reported Tuesday.
t1590 A speech by First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton to a UN summit in Copenhagen unveiling a new US initiative to promote girls' education in the Third World will be the centrepiece of International Women's Day Wednesday. Hamas officials say a rocket-propelled grenade was fired at the home of the Palestinian prime minister, causing damage. The prime minister was not harmed. The Australian chief executive of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) is ready to throw open the doors of Lord's to any nations wanting to play Tests at the 'home of cricket'. In 1996, I attended the opening ceremonies for Wine Australia. As wine legend Len Evans berated Prime Minister John Howard for the federal government not doing a better job promoting wine, Howard waited patiently. He gave it back to Evans in kind, which he did with great humor. I Nepal is nearing a humanitarian crisis, the United Nations and donor agencies warned Friday, urging security forces and Maoist rebels not to block vital aid and to protect civilians. With much fanfare, Democrats invited cameras to film the arrival of a dozen cots outside the Senate chamber Tuesday afternoon for the all-night Iraq debate. Children born through in vitro fertilization seem to be just as healthy psychologically as other youngsters, according to the first study to follow their fortunes from babyhood to the brink of adolescence. China has reached its national goal of eliminating iodine deficiency disorder (IDD) before the turn of the century, said an official from the Ministry of Health (MOH) here today.
t3640 Turkish authorities slapped a curfew on the Gazi district of Istanbul after clashes Monday between police and Shiite Alawite demonstrators left eight dead in spiralling violence sparked by a suspected Islamic attack. President Nestor Kirchner declared Britain's triumph in the Falkland Islands war a temporary "colonial victory," denouncing former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher for praising her former fighters. Argentina Thursday offered to swap bonds that it defaulted on in 2001 at one third their value in a bid to regain access to the financial markets, Economy Minister Amado Boudou said. Dr. Fredrick Stare, a leading nutritionist who wrote extensively about healthful eating and was among the first to conduct scientific studies of the links between diet and heart disease, died on April 4 at his home in Wellesley, Mass. He was 91. Everton captain Alan Stubbs has blasted Liverpool striker Milan Baros for his dangerous challenge during Sunday's Merseyside derby saying the flying tackle was "shocking." A new generation of faster, twistier roller coasters can make the heart race up to 155 beats per minute and spur dangerous changes to heart rhythm in some people, according to a study released Tuesday. Helen Darling scored a career-high 18 points as the Cleveland Rockers beat Houston 63-53 on Sunday to end the Comets' seven-game home winning streak. Turkish Cypriot leader Rauf Denktash reiterated on Tuesday that Cyprus should not seek to join the European Union (EU) before a political solution is achieved.
t7686 Britain and China failed on Friday to reach agreement on a court of final appeal for post-1997 Hong Kong, but they decided to keep talking about the sensitive issue in April. The dollar was largely flat against the yen in Asia Thursday on exporter selling, but traders expect the Japanese unit to fall further due to the continued popularity of the yen-carry trade. The death toll in a coal mine accident in eastern China rose to 12 on Friday, state media reported, after rescuers found the body of the last missing miner. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. Share prices in Tokyo opened higher Thursday with the Tokyo Stock Exchange's benchmark Nikkei-225 index gaining 21.33 points, or 0.18 percent, to 11,848.49 in the first minutes of trading. After the crammed parking lot, the amusement-park-length check-in lines, security procedures that require all but a striptease, flights that are jampacked, if they're not delayed or canceled -- after all that comes baggage claim, where the maddening odyssey of modern air travel is supposed to end but often just Auto giant DaimlerChrysler AG said it produced its first Chrysler PT Cruiser in Europe Tuesday, pushing on with its efforts to wring gains out of Mercedes-Benz's troubled takeover of Chrysler Corp. Oil producers and consumers agreed on the need to promote stability in the oil market, which would prevent wild speculation in the oil sector, said Ali Rodriguez on Friday.
t7639 More than 10,000 fake Audi cars, the only luxury vehicles produced here, are currently running on the country's roads, the car-maker, which annually produces 20,000 of the real thing, said Friday. Sony Corp. Chairman Howard Stringer promised Thursday to shift the struggling electronics giant from recovery to growth and to boost game offerings for the PlayStation 3, calling the console a key profit driver despite its bungled rollout. A series of car bombings and other attacks in Baghdad on Friday killed at least 32 people and wounded 85, an interior ministry official told AFP. Curtin is one of the most isolated places in Australia, a dot in the red desert facing the Indian Ocean on the northwest coast. It has also become one of the most violent. In contrast with Ukraine's "Orange" and Georgia's "Rose" revolutions, Kyrgyzstan's "Tulip" upheaval last week pretty much caught foreign non-governmental organizations by surprise. In Detroit last week, one of America's most storied unions agreed to shoulder the long-term burden of members' health-care costs, a reluctant recognition of the brutal economic forces that have been weighing on its industry. Johns Hopkins University has suspended all human research studies by the doctor whose asthma experiment went awry in June, causing the death of a healthy, 24-year-old participant. The situation in Chechnya is under Moscow's control and Russian troops are successfully discharging their duties to clear rebels in the breakaway republic, a high-ranking Russian military officer said late Friday.
t5931 Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin's scheme to build a security border to separate Israelis and Palestinians has divided his cabinet over the likely cost of the divorce. People who had obesity surgery got drunk after just one glass of wine, researchers reported in a small study that was inspired by an episode on "The Oprah Winfrey Show." For those who have had the operation, one drink may be too many, the lead researcher warned. China on Tuesday tightened rules on advance sales of new property developments, in the third move of its kind in less than a week aimed at curbing rampant real estate speculation. In the 40 years since Pope John XXIII convened the Second Vatican Council, Roman Catholic theologians have fiercely debated how the church should be run. The council encouraged a sweeping series of reforms aimed at democratizing the church, but those who supported its conclusions have often felt themselves at Chinese share prices gave up early gains and closed 0.20 percent lower Friday as banks were hit by quick profit-taking after recent gains and power generators underperformed on cost worries, dealers said. Maria Currano no es doctora, pero si hablas solo espanol y necesitas ir al hospital, ella es tan importante como el doctor. Just days before he must make a difficult choice on Cuba policy, President Bush is looking to boost his credentials with Cuban-Americans by pushing a tough line against Fidel Castro's government. Despite an order issued Friday by Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to stop Palestinian shooting at Israeli targets, the Israeli-Palestinian bloody clashes continued as four Palestinian civilians were shot and killed by Israeli soldiers. A 14-year-old boy died after being shot in the head by Israeli soldiers during clashes in
t3757 The US dollar was higher early Tuesday morning in Tokyo trading at 90.75-77 yen at 9 a.m. (2400 GMT Thursday), up from the late Monday quote here of 90.17-20 yen. Boy-band mogul Lou Pearlman was forced out of hiding Thursday after being expelled by Indonesian authorities and turned over to the FBI. He was flown to Guam to appear before a judge, officials said. The death toll from a strong earthquake in northwestern China has risen to 1,484, Xinhua news agency reported on Sunday. The specter of another oil crisis all of a sudden looms large, and this at a time when the world economy has barely begun to recover from last year's recession. At least eight people were killed and a dozen injured after a disturbed student shot and killed his grandparents and then went on a shooting rampage in a Minnesota high school, according to local media Monday. Small groups of young Muslims in the West who fall prey to fanatical ideas about jihad pose a growing threat to the United States even though they may lack direct ties to al-Qaida, according to a New York Police Department report released Wednesday. From the pulpit of St. Agnes Church, the Rev. Richard Driscoll looked out over the rows of parishioners and seemed awed by the turnout. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is continuing his settlement construction policy and plans to allocate millions of U.S. dollars for settlements in the 2001 budget, a statement issued by Peace Now, Israel's biggest pro-peace group, said Tuesday.
t3630 Canada denounced the European Union's decision Monday to break off all formal contacts with Ottawa until it releases the Spanish trawler seized by coastguards in international waters. The populations of nearly two dozen common American birds -- including the fence-sitting meadowlark, the frenetic Rufous hummingbird and the whippoorwill with its haunting call -- are half what they were 40 years ago, a new analysis found. Controversial Spaniard Alejandro Valverde will continue to provoke cycling's world ruling body when he lines up with possible victory in mind at the Amstel Gold Race on Sunday. Microsoft, IBM and VeriSign plan to announce a new technical approach on Wednesday that they hope will ensure greater security and thus stimulate commercial development of an emerging Internet technology called Web services. Critics have slammed moves by President George W. Bush and leading Republicans to prolong the life of a brain-damaged Florida woman Terri Schiavo as a vote-seeking political ploy. It's not just ``Bush's Brain'' that's leaving the White House, but a whole generation of Republican theorizing that is being shunted aside. As Karl Rove exits, a newer conservative movement will enter -- which, come to think of it, is actually the older conservative movement that Rove &amp; Co. President Vicente Fox's party, which has been snatching up victories in gubernatorial races across Mexico since his historic election a year ago, appears headed for another win Sunday in Baja California. South African farmers Tuesday urged the international community to help rescue them from rural attacks, saying the violence is aimed at driving them away from their land.
t5230 Ayatollah Khomeini's only surviving son Ahmad, a staunch defender of his father's legacy, died Friday aged 50, the official news agency IRNA said. European Union foreign ministers huddled Sunday evening in closed-door talks, seeking to narrow deep divisions over what to do with the bloc's stalled constitution days before a crucial EU summit. The six Polish airports opened on Sunday afternoon were closed again overnight but overflights are still possible, the PAP news agency said on Monday, quoting the national air navigation body. Have a question about the news? Colin Bessonette will try to get an answer. Call 404-222-2002, or write him at The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302, or e-mail him at q&AMP;a(at)ajc.com. Please include your name and hometown. A former leader of the terrorist group responsible for the Bali bombing said Thursday that he is now prepared to help crush the organisation but refused to offer an apology to families of the victims. Cuesta Benberry, 83, one of the nation's foremost quilt scholars, who pieced together the history of the art from castoff patches of information, died of congestive heart failure Aug. 23 at Forest Park Hospital in St. Louis. The Department of Justice asked a federal immigration judge Wednesday to deport a Florida resident accused of helping persecute Jews in Nazi-occupied Lithuania during World War II. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,927.28 points Tuesday, up 13.64 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t4858 Russian deputy defence minister General Boris Gromov was stripped of his post here Thursday for criticising Russia's military intervention in Chechnya, an aide to the general said. World champion Fabian Cancellara won the individual time trial on Saturday to take an eight-second lead after the opening stage of the 71st Tour de Suisse cycling race. A deal to resolve a long-running border dispute between Slovenia and Croatia cleared another key hurdle Monday, when the Slovenian parliament approved settling the issue via arbitration. Sims discovered recently that Wal-Mart, the company her husband, Douglas, worked for before he died, had taken out a life insurance policy in his name. A moderate tropical storm packing gusts of up to 120 kilometers (75 miles) per hour was approaching the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius late Wednesday, the country's meterological service said. Sports fans don't mind shilling for their favorite team by wearing a jersey, just as some people are willing to show their allegiance for a school or radio station with a bumper sticker. Marketers are trying to harness that impulse for brands on the Web. Stormy weather was the sole concern as NASA aimed for a predawn launch Thursday of space shuttle Atlantis on a space station construction mission. Florida's Republican Secretary of State Katherine Harris Monday refused to move Tuesday 's deadline, saying all counties in the state must finish counting votes by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
t2603 Israel and the PLO have re-energized autonomy negotiations after setting a new target date, US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said here Friday. Nearly one in six Iraqi policemen trained by U.S.-led forces has been killed, wounded, deserted or just disappeared, a senior U.S. military commander says. China cut its US Treasury bond holdings in February to the lowest level in at least nine months but remained the top holder of American government debt, a Treasury report said Thursday. On this sprawling corporate campus that is the heartland of personal computing, 9,000 elite Microsoft employees have gone back to school. France ended their 2005 Six Nations campaign in style by thrashing Italy 56-13 at the Stadio Flaminio here on Saturday. The Bush administration is pressing Congress this week for the authority to intercept, without a court order, any international phone call or e-mail between a surveillance target outside the United States and any person in the United States. Cliff Floyd won't have a problem flying to Seattle if he wants to confront Bobby Valentine in person about being snubbed for the All-Star Game. World chess champion Garry Kasparov held challenger Vladimir Kramnik to a much-needed draw in the world chess championships on Tuesday -- but with just two games to go, he conceded he would probably lose his crown.
t2979 Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's main rival Saturday blasted the government's open-door policy to foreign investors, as the ruling Congress (I) faced dismal prospects in key state polls. Former U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Wednesday that global liquidity should start easing as developing economies slow down over the medium term. Six major powers wrapped up what they said was a "very constructive" meeting here Wednesday on fresh UN sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program, but diplomats cautioned against expecting early adoption. Calling the investment advice of Merrill Lynch ``tainted,'' Eliot Spitzer, the state attorney general, obtained a court order Monday forcing Merrill to make immediate changes to its stock reports. Inter Milan defeated Fiorentina 3-2 at the San Siro on Sunday to strengthen their position in third place in Italy's Serie A. The House ethics committee has suspended its investigation into Rep. William Jefferson, acceding to requests from federal prosecutors who believe that the congressional inquiry could interfere with the current criminal case against the Louisiana Democrat, who was indicted this summer on 16 corruption charges. The Bush administration is poised to classify a developing fetus as an ``unborn child'' eligible for government health care, giving low-income women access to prenatal care while bolstering the administration's anti-abortion credentials. Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji held talks here Friday with visiting Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov, and the two sides exchanged views on bilateral cooperation as well as international and regional issues of common concern, with extensive consensus reached.
t6891 Tens of thousands of people lined the streets of this Eastern Cape city Wednesday to give Queen Elizabeth II the most exuberent welcome yet of her South African tour. Bowing to pressure from Google Inc. and antitrust regulators, Microsoft Corp. will make it easier for Windows Vista users to pick a non-Microsoft program to search their hard drives. US Airways said Thursday it has broken off merger talks with United Airlines but added that it expected consolidation of the fragmented airline sector to proceed nonetheless. President Bush recently lamented that in the Middle East ``the future is dying.'' Being out here now, I can confirm that. There is only one way to reclaim that future: It is for America to get Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah, Ariel Sharon and Yasser Arafat to face up to Croatian Davis Cup hero Ivan Ljubicic, who has reached four ATP finals already this year, advanced to the fourth round of the 6.5 million-dollar WTA and ATP Masters Series tournament here Sunday. She was part of a well-respected WASP family: sister to a towheaded blue-eyed brother, Todd; daughter of a dancer mother, Sandy, with "Nordic good looks"; and her father was the famously prickly, politically conservative book critic for T he New York Times, Anatole Broyard, of French extraction, the family Two teams of astronauts installed a brand new entryway on the international space station Sunday, then swung open the hatch with a ceremonial flourish and floated inside. The company officials offered no explanation for the apparent turnabout. In a terse statement, Coca-Cola chairman Douglas Daft said the company "will not pursue a transaction with The Quaker Oats Company."
t8264 Turkish warplanes killed a six-year-old Kurdish girl and wounded six civilians when they bombed a mountain village during an offensive against the rebel Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), villagers said Sunday. The founder of Poland's anti-communist Solidarity movement on Thursday called Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez a demagogue who will eventually have to pay for his populist policies. Japan was seen as the biggest loser from reforms agreed at the World Bank on Sunday that gave emerging nations a bigger say in managing global aid. If beaming solar power to the Earth by way of the moon sounds like lunacy, consider this: It is a nonpolluting and renewable source of energy. And it could supply adequate electric power for everyone on the planet in less than 50 years, believes David R. Criswell, a physicist The body of Pope John Paul II lay in a simple wooden casket Friday as the Roman Catholic Church staged a mournful, majestic and joyful pageant of prayer. About 2,000 protesters gathered on a cold, drizzly day to hear opposition politicians and human-rights leaders praise the courage of Anna Politkovskaya, who was gunned down in her apartment building exactly one year earlier. Japanese auto maker Honda has started producing a five-door model of its Civic passenger car at a new $182 million plant in southwestern England, the company said Wednesday. President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou-Nguesso Wednesday concluded his two-day official visit to Zimbabwe and left for home.
t9361 The management of the Kuwait Oil Company (KOC) Wednesday accepted the demands of the KOC's labour union and pledged to provide better working conditions for the oilworkers, a union official told AFP. Invasor, the 2006 U.S. Horse of the Year, was retired on Saturday when a cracked bone was found in his right hind leg. US President Barack Obama's Democratic allies in the Senate set a new vote Tuesday on a sweeping bill to rein in Wall Street, looking to heap pressure on Republicans blocking the popular measure. This town in the forest is a place of dark secrets _ some new, some old and some underscoring the paradoxes that swirl around the strength here of Jean-Marie Le Pen, the right-wing insurgent who will challenge President Jacques Chirac in a runoff vote for the presidency of France A tearful Tiger Woods dedicated one of his most hard-fought victories to his ailing father here Sunday, an emotional end to a Masters that vindicated Woods' recent struggles with swing changes. With his wife, Laura, who has taken a personal and public interest in the nation's political conditions, at his side, Bush said, "The people of Burma are showing great courage in the face of immense repression. They are appealing for our help. We must not turn a deaf ear Lisa Leslie had 23 points and 14 rebounds, dominating her matchup with Yolanda Griffith as the Los Angeles Sparks beat the Sacramento Monarchs 83-68 Thursday night for their ninth straight victory. An Iraqi child was killed and eight other children were injured on Monday when a landmine believed to be left over in the 1991 Gulf War exploded, the official Iraqi News Agency (INA) reported.
t1085 Vice President Al Gore will travel to the Middle East from March 19 until 24 to bolster peace initiatives in the region, the White House announced Monday. By his own account, Marine Lance Cpl. Justin L. Sharratt shot several Iraqi men in the head on Nov. 19, 2005 inside a house in the village of Haditha. The Asian Development Bank on Tuesday urged Beijing to loosen its grip on its currency, saying a more flexible exchange rate would benefit China as well as Asia-Pacific countries. Almost 70 years ago, hundreds of British ramblers embarked on what turned out to be one of the most decisive episodes of a long-running contest for access to their nation's swathes of wild, uncultivated but privately owned land. Asian champions Japan left for Germany on Thursday to train for their World Cup qualifier against Iran, with hopes their Europe-based stars can join them quickly to prepare against the Middle Eastern powerhouse. President Bush Thursday acknowledged for the first time that ``somebody'' in his administration leaked the name of an undercover intelligence officer but declined to say whether he was disappointed in such an action and contended it was time to move on. The European Commission said Monday it has given antitrust clearance to the acquisition by Flextronics International Ltd. of a mobile phone manufacturing plant in Laval, France, from Alcatel Business Solutions. Kim Yong Nam, president of the presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), met here Wednesday with visiting Chinese Defense Minister General Chi Haotian.
t3990 Finland's Mika Hakkinen, driving a McLaren-Mercedes without its redesigned rear wing, set the fastest time in private trials at Estoril here on Tuesday since McLaren began testing two weeks ago. Police opened investigations Friday into the assailants who ambushed a vehicle carrying government troops in southwestern Pakistan, killing seven soldiers and two police who were escorting them. Poland's airspace was shut Saturday until further notice as an ash cloud from an Icelandic volcano halted flights across Europe, a day before the funeral of its president, aviation authorities said. Left to its own devices, we are told, the free market will always be a fair and efficient judge of a person's performance: Those who succeed will be rewarded; those who fail will be punished. Ukraine President Viktor Yushchenko arrived in Turkmenistan Tuesday for a two-day visit, with Ashgabat's gas deliveries to Kiev expected to top the agenda. A secret federal court has ordered the Bush administration to respond to a request from a civil liberties group, which asked the court to make public its rulings that approved the National Security Agency's controversial ``Terrorist Surveillance Program.'' Only four of 123 foreigners who have been on America's death row in the past quarter-century were promptly told they could seek help from their consulates, death penalty watchdog groups say. Such failures violate a treaty that also helps U.S. citizens abroad. Republican George W. Bush's campaign chief Don Evans said on Wednesday that he still believed the Texas governor had won the U.S. presidency.
t6684 Images from the Hubble Space Telescope illustrate dramatic climate changes on Mars and Venus that have occurred in a matter of decades, scientists said Tuesday. "Las Vegas" actor Josh Duhamel and his girlfriend, Fergie, are a match made in Hollywood heaven with hot looks to match their hot careers. But Fergie, who has been heating up the pop charts, is the flashier one. Shaun Murphy, the 2005 winner, was living dangerously at the World Snooker Championship here Thursday before sealing a 10-7 win over Gerard Greene and a place in the second round. A top leader of al-Qaida now in custody has told American interrogators that the terrorist group is close to building a crude nuclear device and may try to smuggle one into the United States, officials said Monday night. An upcoming visit to China by a senior official of Taiwan's main opposition party the Kuomintang (KMT) -- the first for over half a century -- is aimed at easing tensions with the mainland, the party chief said Sunday. Written and directed with a two-by-four by that proponent of earnest overstatement Paul Haggis ("Crash"), it stars Tommy Lee Jones as a former military policeman who retunes his old cop reflexes when his son, back from Iraq, is hideously murdered. Charlize Theron plays the small-town police detective who helps Freddy Garcia won his fifth straight decision as the Seattle Mariners won their 22nd series of the season with a 3-2 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Saturday. Israeli President Moshe Katsav stressed here Tuesday that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has the right to recall Egyptian ambassador to Israel for consultations over the latest developments.
t2663 An aide to the president of the Ukrainian parliament has been accused by a parliamentary commission of receiving illicit money from the National Bank of Ukraine, the news agency ITAR-TASS said Friday. German researchers have completed the final volume of a new collection of the complete works of Johann Sebastian Bach, crowning a 55-year effort, the head of Leipzig's Bach Archive said Wednesday. Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has postponed his trip to Myanmar, Brunei and Indonesia, state media reported Thursday, after a huge quake killed at least 600 people. No Bob Baffert for the first time in six years. Perhaps no D. Wayne Lukas for the second year in a row. Suddenly the Irish superhorse may not be so super after suffering a first defeat on Sunday and may stay in Ireland. What is the Kentucky Derby to President George W. Bush on Saturday defended his decision to order the invasion of Iraq two years ago, hailing the campaign as a landmark event in the history of freedom. In a sweeping deal to end years of controversy, the J. Paul Getty Museum agreed Wednesday to return to Italy 40 antiquities from its collection, including several masterpieces and its prized fifth-century B.C. statue of the goddess Aphrodite. Alex Rodriguez hit a grand slam and Rafael Palmeiro homered twice as the Texas Rangers routed the Seattle Mariners 14-2 Thursday night to earn a split of their four-game series. Palestinian refugees held demonstrations here on Thursday to protest at Israeli use of force against Palestinian civilians in the occupied territories.
t3357 Opposition legislators occupied South Korea's parliament Monday after vowing to stop the ruling party from ramming controversial election law changes through the assembly. The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency cautioned on Thursday that an attack on Iran over its refusal to freeze programs that could make nuclear weapons would be "an act of madness," in indirect warnings to the United States and Israel. Dutch airspace will remain closed until at least Saturday 6:00 am (0400 GMT), the Netherlands transport inspectorate, IVW, announced Friday. Just over a year ago, on March 7, 2001, Ariel Sharon took office as Israel's eleventh prime minister, having beaten his predecessor, Ehud Barak, in a landslide. Sharon's election seemed like the ultimate expression of Israeli anger, the choice of a public frustrated by the stagnation of the peace Terri Schiavo's father said he told her to get ready for breakfast early Monday, after Congress and President George W. Bush cleared the way for reinsertion of the tube that delivers food and water to her inert body. Fred Dalton Thompson, of course, wouldn't be the first actor to run for president. But it turns out it's easier to take the movie star out of Hollywood than Hollywood out of the movie star. We learn from ``The Reagan Diaries,'' the new collection edited by Douglas Brinkley and The Bush administration should focus on racial profiling, election reform and racial disparities in the death penalty, NAACP president Kweisi Mfume said Saturday. Iran's reformist-dominated Majlis (parliament) decided on Sunday to uphold a bill it passed last week to ease restrictions on the press, but was rejected by the hardline Guardians Council (GC).
t3344 Gothenburg-bound giants Irina Privalova, Sergey Bubka, Merlene Ottey and Javier Sotomayor did their best, but they never quite cast off the brooding shadow of Linford Christie at the World Indoor Championships. In an indirect warning to the United States, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency cautioned Thursday that an attack on Iran over its refusal to freeze programs that could make nuclear weapons would be "an act of madness." German wunderkind Sebastian Vettel admitted Friday that he is hoping his Red Bull team will soon introduce an "F-duct" system to boost his speed. It is a mild December evening in Georgia, and in the community room of their synagogue in the town of Marietta, Felton and Deborah McLaughlin talk with typical parental pride about their elder daughter's bat mitzvah, which took place earlier in the year. A suspect has been arrested in connection with two arson attacks last week that seriously damaged a synagogue and a shop managed by a Jewish trader in this southern Swiss city, police said Monday in a statement. A critic is bound by honesty. So at the risk of eternal humiliation in the Internet stockade, I must admit I laughed -- and was even touched by -- ``Rush Hour 3.'' Lance Armstrong finished third in the opening prologue of the Tour de France on Saturday, with the yellow jersey now belonging to a Frenchman. Grant Hill, top free agent who signed with Orlando Magic in the off-season, is most likely to be sidelined for a month if his ailing left ankle doesn't show signs of improvement soon, said Magic coach on Saturday.
t269 Lyon mayor Michel Noir faced the end of his political career on Friday as his trial for fraud wound up here, the first in a series of corruption and illegal political financing cases to go before the French courts. Slovakia's former authoritarian prime minister, Vladimir Meciar, was re-elected Saturday as chairman of his party, a member of the current Slovak governing coalition. Australia's spy agencies are investigating the apparently fake passports linked to a Cold War-style hit in Dubai after a police probe failed to yield enough answers, the foreign minister said Sunday. These Sports stories for release Friday, March 29, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian condemned anti-secession legislation that China enacted this week as a "law of aggression" and repeated a call for one million people to march in protest. A U.S. search early Saturday for fighters allegedly linked to Iran turned into a firefight in which the military said it killed 26 militants. The Iraqi government rebuked the Americans for carrying out the raid in a Baghdad slum without its permission, and local leaders said many innocent bystanders Defying a veto threat, the Democratic-controlled Senate passed sweeping patients' rights legislation Friday night, promising millions of Americans new health care protections and the ability to sue their HMOs. The arrival of Yellow River water today excited people of Tianjin, a north China port city, which has been hit by several water crises.
t1512 Kuwait on Tuesday urged participants at the UN World Summit on Social Development in Denmark to help secure the release of prisoners of war which it says are being held in Iraq. "This is the last pretty thing you're going to see until we get to the lakefront," tour guide Rose Scott tells passengers gazing at the live oaks of City Park. US President Barack Obama will urge world leaders to harden their resolve to lock down nuclear material on the second day of a summit Tuesday aimed at keeping atomic weapons out of terrorist hands. Thousands of Jordanians braved a frigid downpour to march on Parliament on Tuesday, demanding that the kingdom sever ties with Israel, while protesters in Egypt packed the streets around Cairo University for a fifth straight day. Police on Thursday revised downwards from 545 to 544 the number of Swedes killed or missing and presumed dead after the Indian Ocean tsunami disaster in December. Sallie Mae employees aren't the only ones who stand to reap a stock option windfall from the pending buyout of the company. The student loan provider itself has amassed options to buy millions of its own shares for significantly less than the buyout price, a company earnings report highlighted North Korea is going ahead with development of its long-range missile, raising questions among U.S. officials about the Asian country's willingness to move toward a missile-control agreement with the United States. Bahrain has dismissed as " astonishing" Qatar's rights claim to the disputed Hawar Islands in the Gulf, saying the issue should be decided by the International Court of Justice.
t6058 The British pharmaceutical group Glaxo, which has recently taken over rival Wellcome in a 9.4 billion pound (14.8 billion dollar) deal, could cut between 5,000 and 15,000 jobs, analysts believe. Space shuttle Atlantis was cleared to depart the international space station after a test showed Russian computers that crashed last week can control the outpost's orientation. Inverness Caledonian Thistle returned to the Scottish Premier League at the first attempt without having to kick a ball on Wednesday after Dundee were beaten at Raith. The helicopters had live footage of a white Ford on a Los Angeles freeway. The news teams swarmed a private home in an exclusive residential district. There was even an Italian restaurant that was the site of the last supper. A French appeals court Friday ordered the detention of a prisoner released from the US military base in Guantanamo, overturning a judge's decision two weeks ago to let him go free, his lawyer said. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who resigned abruptly on Wednesday after a year in power, has for weeks been a walking political corpse. An Algerian national was convicted Friday of charges that he played a pivotal role in a failed plot to detonate a suitcase bomb at Los Angeles International Airport just before the new millennium. Bangladesh needs external resources of over 60 billion U.S. dollars for the next 20 years to bridge the gap between its investment requirements and domestic savings, according to the latest World Bank report released here Friday.
t2803 Three Iranians were hanged in public in northwestern Iran on charges of murder, armed robbery and "spreading insecurity," the Hamshahri daily reported Saturday. The U.S. economy headed into the summer with strong momentum, propelled by a manufacturing rebound and consumers who eagerly went shopping and sightseeing despite high gas prices. A group of 100 Nigerians have arrived back in their country after being expelled from South Africa for violating immigration laws, an airport official said here Thursday. Britain's Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, a figure beloved for her courage and common touch, died in her sleep on March 30. At age 101, she was an endearing symbol of royal tradition whose popularity transcended both age and class. Her funeral will be held April 9 at Westminster Anil Kumble bagged a six-wicket haul to put India in a winning position in the second Test against Pakistan at the Eden Gardens here on Sunday. President Bush on Friday formally invited top officials from the world's leading economic powers to take part in a climate change summit aimed at establishing voluntary goals for lowering greenhouse gas emissions while sustaining growth. China executed more people in the last three months than the rest of the world did in the past three years _ 1,781 people put to death in a government campaign against crime, Amnesty International said Friday. The New Zealand sharemarket closed lower here Thursday for the fourth consecutive day, despite gains in market heavyweight Telecom, discount retailer the Warehouse, and Fletcher Energy.
t9015 Iraq has raised fears it might have made biological weapons by failing to account for 17,000 tonnes of culture for breeding bacteria, a senior UN official said here Tuesday. Pyongyang and Washington have agreed on a three-week timeframe for shutting down the North's plutonium-producing reactor, a top U.S. nuclear envoy said Saturday. The rate Greece must pay to borrow for 10 years rose above 9.0 percent on Monday for the first time since Athens joined the eurozone in 2001 and despite a plea on Friday for an EU-IMF debt rescue. The University of Texas' dispute with Xerox over illegal use of UT-licensed software is over, with Xerox promising to pay past and future fees. The US embassy in Yemen remained closed Sunday for a second day because of security threats after Washington warned of possible attacks against its nationals in the country. The Amoskeag Strummers had their banjos in hand, the Shriners were standing by their little red cars and the parade was about to begin. Then, across the lawn and into this classic New England small-town scene strode a tall, slim, implausibly handsome and commanding 60-year-old man. A leader, or The Smithsonian Institution is close to naming an exhibition hall for General Motors Co. in exchange for $10 million, a museum spokeswoman said. Chauncey Billups scored a game-high 29 points and Kevin Garnett gained 21 points and 13 rebounds to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 102-98 victory over the Boston Celtics.
t2002 South Korea's National Assembly failed to open Thursday as opposition lawmakers barricaded its speakers in their homes for a fourth straight day to prevent the ruling camp from changing the election law. With gunmen using their rooftops as sniper positions and doctors and nurses afraid to come to work, Gaza's hospitals are finding themselves on the front lines of the Palestinians' increasingly bloody internal fight. Portugal may need to take "additional measures" this year to cut its public deficit, the EU's economic and monetary affairs chief Olli Rehn warned on Wednesday. Last month's resignation of Palm Beach, Fla., Bishop Anthony J. O'Connell following accusations that he molested a Missouri seminarian did not surprise Donna Cox. An ongoing Syrian military withdrawal is giving Lebanon a chance to chart its own future, but the country's fractious politicians are still struggling to shake off the effect of Syrian influence here in a quest for national unity. Democratic presidential candidates shared the spotlight Monday night with ordinary citizens from around the country in a two-hour debate that featured sharp and sometimes witty video questions and often equally sharp exchanges among the candidates on issues ranging from Iraq and health care to whether any of them can Investigators on Wednesday combed through smoking wreckage and examined flight data recorders for clues to what caused a passenger airliner to plunge into a Siberian meadow, killing all 145 people aboard. The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is to pump an extra 500,000 barrels of oil per day from Tuesday, the last day of October, Iran's OPEC representative Hussein Kazempour Ardebili said here on Monday.
t1935 Hundreds of Palestinians gathered in east Jerusalem Wednesday to see a suspicious tunnel found to be leading to the Esplanade of Mosques -- the third holiest site in Islam. A senior U.S. diplomat Tuesday highlighted the importance of a key arms control treaty and warned against the return to a "rhetorical arms race." Japan's Fujitsu Wednesday defended its decision last year to remove its president, saying he had ignored warnings that his ties to a fund with alleged criminal links made him unfit for leadership. As one character in ``Astoria'' says, there is a Greek-American law: you'll do fine as long as your parents run your life for you. A Dutch court Friday opened a hearing against a businessman charged with complicity in genocide for helping the regime of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein manufacture chemical weapons. A squirt of lemon juice on grilled trout or a spoonful of grated zest added to a pound cake batter instantly packs a refreshing flavor that wakes the palate. The coach of Israel's leading basketball team was asked to resign after making racial slurs against black players during a lecture to army officers last year. Italian Max Biaggi, riding a Yamaha, won the Australian Grand Prix 500 c.c. motorcycle race in Phillip Island, Australia on Sunday, Beating compatriots Loris Capirossi and Valentino Rossi in an all-Italian sweep of the top placings.
t1426 Russian police have made no progress in the search for the killers of popular television journalist Vladislav Listyev last week, a police investigator said here Tuesday, quoted by the news agency Interfax. Rival gunmen exchanged fire at two Gaza hospitals, and Cabinet ministers fled their weekly meeting after the government headquarters was hit in crossfire Monday, in the latest round in an increasingly brutal power struggle between Hamas and Fatah. China said Tuesday sanctions were not the answer to the Iranian atomic standoff, denting US President Barack Obama's hopes of sealing a deal to punish Tehran as he hosted a summit on nuclear arms. Israel has launched its broadest assault on the West Bank in 30 years not because it has a clear-cut strategy for reoccupying the territory or withdrawing, but because Israelis are so outraged at recent terror bombings that their leaders feel they must act forcefully even if the outcome is International donors concerned by President Robert Mugabe's rights record are punishing the children of Zimbabwe by denying aid to the southern African country, the UN children's agency UNICEF said Thursday. Air travelers should not expect authorities to ease restrictions on gels and liquids in carry-on luggage until sometime next year when new technology may give screeners the ability to more easily spot potential explosives in bags, according to federal security officials who are nearing the one-year anniversary of the The site of Vienna's former imperial riding stables has taken on a new life as one of the world's largest contemporary art centers. The mobile phone service providers in Kenya should extend their services to the rural areas which have remained cut off from the rest of the world for many years, newspapers here Thursday quoted President Daniel arap Moi as saying.
t154 The head of the United Nations Command (UNC) here has sent a personal letter to North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il protesting as "unacceptable" the expulsion of six Polish peace monitors, the UNC revealed Friday. Oakland's Shannon Stewart hit a tiebreaking two-run single in the 10th against a makeshift San Francisco defense to lift the Athletics to a 5-3 victory Friday. President Hamid Karzai and the head of US and NATO troops in Afghanistan on Sunday made another public show of unity, to bolster the Afghan leader's position before key military offensives. Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has never come right out and said that he would like to place tolls on the East River bridges into Manhattan, but his administration accounted for them in the proposed budget plan for 2006, and has conceded that they are under consideration. Switzerland's Stephane Lambiel held on to his lead as defending men's champion Yevgeny Plushenko of Russia lost further ground after Tuesday's short programme, the second round of three at the world figure skating championships here. A Russian nonprofit organization funded by the U.S. government to train journalists and improve management at local television stations has been shuttered by a criminal investigation that critics charge is politically motivated. Crude and products futures rebounded smartly on the New York Mercantile Exchange Friday on fresh insistance from Iraq that the U.N. Security Council drop its discussions of ``smart sanctions.'' In a chain reaction to Britain's move for opening diplomatic ties with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), more European ASEM members have announced here their intentions to take concrete moves to normalize their relations with the DPRK.
t7363 Clocks go forward by one hour throughout the European Union early on Sunday as the 15 nations switch from winter to summer time. Cuba on Wednesday cheered the new U.N. human rights watchdog's agreement to stop monitoring alleged abuses on the island, with Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque saying the decision left the United States "hanging and we yanked away the ladder." Arizona Governor Jan Brewer on Friday signed a tough new immigration law which allows police officers in the border state to determine if people are in the United States legally. In late January, Edward Abington met with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in his Ramallah headquarters for more than three hours to tell him ``why the Bush administration didn't trust'' Arafat. Israel's parliament Monday rejected a referendum bill on the planned Gaza Strip evacuation, removing the last obstacle to the pullout and dealing a severe blow to those staunchly opposed to withdrawal. Q: Most of the online mapping sites can't find my home address. Is there a company I can contact to fix this? A judge ruled Monday that Bobby Frank Cherry is mentally incompetent and cannot be tried in a 1963 church bombing that killed four black girls. Jin Liandeng has become a famous figure in his hometown of Dagang District in Tianjin Municipality for feeding hens with traditional Chinese medicine.
t7693 President Bill Clinton this week reaped the fruit of an often risky policy of Northern Ireland, welcoming leaders of various parties to the conflict to the White House for a St. Patrick's Day reception. Pakistan on Monday condemned Britain's award of a knighthood to author Salman Rushdie, calling for the withdrawal of an award it described as an insult to the religious sentiments of Muslims. Sweden's main airport Stockholm-Arlanda will close at 1800 GMT Tuesday until early Wednesday, a spokesman for the Swedish airport authority Swedavia said. Ending 29 years in exile, Afghanistan's king arrived here from Rome on Thursday in the hope of helping unite this fractious country. The US Supreme Court refused Thursday to order the reinsertion of Terri Schiavo's feeding tube, apparently ending the last legal avenue available to the severely brain-damaged Florida woman, who has been in a persistent vegetative state for the past 15 years. Security in Sydney has been excruciatingly tight in advance of this weekend's summit of Asian Pacific leaders, with most of the downtown area swathed in riot fencing. The measures have irritated residents, and complaints about security were at the top of news broadcasts before Bush arrived. The Pentagon plans to begin construction next April for new tests of a missile defense, which could violate a 1972 treaty banning national missile shields, Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz said Thursday. China's oil giant, the China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC), has entered into alliance with Shell Overseas Investments BV, a member of the Royal Dutch/Shell Group of the Companies (Shell).
t1846 The Ukrainian-born dancer Vladimir Malakhov, adored by Viennese audiences, is breaking his exclusive contract with the Vienna opera company because he is not being given enough to do. Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., the nation's fourth-largest investment bank, said Tuesday robust stock trading and buyout business pushed second-quarter profit up 27 percent year-over-year. The United States seeks a new wave of UN sanctions on Iran "with a sense of urgency", a top US diplomat said Wednesday, while warning that even punishing measures will not sway Iran "overnight." Julia Roberts, Reese Witherspoon and Halle Berry should feel like fashion icons; replicas of their designer gowns will hit the stores in two to four weeks. Somalia's transitional leaders met here Friday in a bid to restore order to a heated parliamentary debate over a controversial peacekeeping mission to their anarchic country that degenerated into a bloody brawl, officials said. The woman who authorities allege ran a prostitution business in the Washington area for 13 years and counted high-profile government officials among her clientele confirmed this week that she employed a female Naval Academy officer as an escort and believes the woman has agreed to testify against her. Lance Cpl. Allan George Decker made the ultimate sacrifice during his 1968 tour of Vietnam, which is why two Florida businessmen were sickened earlier this year to find his Marine dog tags for sale in a back-alley market in Ho Chi Minh City. U.S. President Bill Clinton Saturday signed legislation reinforcing the Violence Against Women Act to protect women from being abused by boyfriends and husbands.
t412 The Taipei-based Core Pacific financial group is seeking to buy the collapsed British merchant bank Barings plc, press reports in Taiwan said Saturday. Jose Contreras scored in the 69th minute Saturday to give Guatemala a 1-0 victory over El Salvador in the first round of the CONCACAF Gold Cup that ended a 15-game winless streak in the tournament. Flamboyant former Formula One boss Flavio Briatore celebrated his 60th birthday on Monday with the news that he will be able to return to the sport in 2013 after the world governing body The FIA decided to come to an agreement with the Italian. A grand old dame of Seattle's flying history crashed into Elliott Bay Thursday on what was to be its last flight before heading to the Smithsonian. Iraq's nascent democracy took a giant step forward Wednesday with the opening of its new 275-member national assembly, although politicians failed to form a unity government ahead of the historic session. Q: We're looking for a hotel in a nice area of Athens as well as an authentic Greek place for food and entertainment. H&amp;R Block Inc. wants to give $1 million away. But the winner of its sweepstakes drawing refuses to take it. President Mohammad Khatami said here on Sunday that Iran welcomes investments from Spain and other foreign countries to promote the country's economic development.
t6033 Monday's gas attack on the Tokyo subway system, which left six people dead and some 3,300 injured, stunned the Japanese public, still recovering from the horror of a major earthquake just two months earlier. The rumors were true: The famously dysfunctional couple at the head of France's main opposition Socialist Party is breaking up. Inverness Caledonian Thistle returned to the Scottish Premier League at the first attempt without having to kick a ball on Wednesday after Dundee were beaten at Raith. When the NBA's Hornets opened their first season 14 years ago and launched this eager beaver city into the big-time, more than 20,000 fans _ some in tuxedos and evening gowns _ streamed inside the Charlotte Coliseum amid fireworks and live jazz. The outlook for Prince Rainier, the 81-year-old ruler of Monaco, was "uncertain" after three days in intensive care with his vital organs failing and an artificial respirator keeping him alive, palace officials said Friday. Two weeks ago, a TV news channel here broadcast an expose alleging that a math teacher at a local school had forced young girls into prostitution. The public reaction was swift and harsh: Within an hour, hundreds of enraged parents had stormed the schooland a crowd had found the Beijing was awarded the 2008 Olympics on Friday, winning the games for the world's most populous country for the first time. China was reported as having 250 million people living in absolute poverty in 1978 when the reform and opening-up policy was adopted. Seven years later, the figure dropped to 125 million, mainly as a result of successful rural reform advocated by late leader Deng Xiaoping.
t2131 Queen Elizabeth II arrived to cheering crowds here Thursday for a one- day visit, her first to the embattled province since the Irish Republican Army (IRA) declared its historic ceasefire on September 1. Trying to attract investment to Africa, a former Ghanaian ambassador to the U.S. and officials at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock signed a three-year agreement Tuesday to create a center to connect African ambassadors with investment firms. France hopes new UN sanctions on Iran over its nuclear programme will pass by the end of this month, its foreign minister Bernard Kouchner said on Tuesday. Britain's Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, a figure beloved for her courage and common touch, died in her sleep on March 30. At age 101, she was an endearing symbol of royal tradition whose popularity transcended both age and class. Her funeral will be held April 9 at Westminster England coach Andy Robinson has told the world champions to expect a Scottish side fuelled by "hatred" of their oldest rivals when the teams meet for the Calcutta Cup here at Twickenham on Saturday. The script to Charles Ferguson's ``No End in Sight'' will certainly be in the hands of the prosecutors in the event of impeachment hearings. It's a furious, if quietly stated, indictment of the president and all his men in re the debacle that our adventure in Iraq has become. About 5,000 Puerto Ricans gathered for a Fourth of July bash Wednesday, trumpeting U.S. statehood for the territory at a time when Navy bombing on Vieques island has stoked sentiments of island nationalism. Xiong Ni, China's Olympic diving gold medallist, has cut short his performances after straining his neck in the diving exhibition show held here on Sunday. He will miss the remaining two shows, organisers said Monday.
t7188 In four years of civil war Sierra Leone's army has swollen from a token force mainly reserved for state occasions to a bloated body of ill-disciplined armed men whom officers struggle to keep in line. La Scala opera house said Wednesday it had changed course and will premiere a production of "Candide" that it had canceled after criticism of a scene in which actors danced in underwear while wearing masks of President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair. Australia Thursday ruled out an inquiry into the foreign dealings of its giant mining companies after BHP Billiton unveiled alleged corruption, just weeks after four Rio Tinto staff were jailed in China. Matthew Lillard has made more than a few mirthless movies -- an alarming number of which starred Freddie Prinze Jr. -- amusing just by showing up. Now the brightest presence in ``She's All That,'' ``Wing Commander'' and last year's ``Thirteen Ghosts'' remake is ready to break out as Shaggy, Fifteen people have been arrested for allegedly conspiring to illegally register children as young as three years old to vote in Ethiopia's upcoming general elections, officials said Monday. The Supreme Court Tuesday added 17 new cases to its workload for this term, including a voter identification case that could have a dramatic impact on the 2008 elections and an examination of whether lethal injections constitute cruel and unusual punishment. Israeli tanks rolled into the Palestinian sector of Hebron early Monday and exchanged heavy fire with Palestinian gunmen in the deepest incursion since Israel withdrew from most of the city in 1997. Sri Lanka's national carrier, the SriLankan Airlines, has taken various measures to improve its punctuality and more than 95 percent of flights can take off within 15 minutes on schedule, a press release of the airline said Thursday.
t6590 Moslem-led Bosnian forces will break the current truce if Bosnian Serbs continue attacking a key Sarajevo supply road, Bosnian federation vice-president Ejup Ganic warned Tuesday, adding that Serbs only understood force. President Tabare Vazquez on Wednesday designated June 19 as a day to oppose the political violence and human rights abuses that have afflicted the nation since the 1960s. The euro dropped in Asia on Wednesday as dealers remained cautious before Greece holds talks with European officials and the International Monetary Fund on its debt, analysts said. Two decades ago, Lady Bird Johnson provided the inspiration and seed money for a wildflower center that could help promote the kind of beauty Texans enjoy each spring: a landscape blanketed with vibrant color and hardy native vegetation. Two of Afghanistan's most powerful northern warlords have laid down their arms to enter politics as the country prepares for its first parliamentary elections. The reform package, however, left intact the sweeping powers wielded by President Robert Mugabe and failed to address the S outhern African nation's flawed electoral rolls, less than six months before national elections are to be held. Mike Easler, replaced as the St. Louis Cardinals' batting coach, turned down a job Saturday as the organization's roving minor league instructor. An Italian third division player is in a coma after he was punched in the head following the Serie C match between Como and Modena on Sunday.
t9878 Philippine authorities are tracking with concern a steady increase in Chinese fishing activity among areas of the disputed Spratly islands claimed by Manila, the official Philippine News Agency (PNA) said Friday. Former Liberian President Charles Taylor boycotted the resumption of his war crimes trial Monday, again blocking efforts to try him on charges of arming Sierra Leone rebels and orchestrating a murderous terror campaign during that country's 10-year civil war. Credit Agricole, a leading French bank, said on Wednesday it had exposure of around 850 million euros (1.12 billion dollars) to Greek government debt, mainly through its Greek subsidiary Emporiki. Eight inmates were killed when a cramped, outmoded jail here erupted in flames Friday night, billowing smoke so thick that rescuers were unable even to unlock the inmates' cells, the authorities said. Three Iraqis were killed and 26 others wounded in a suicide car bombing Monday in the restive city of Samarra, north of Baghdad, hospital sources said. The Senate Agriculture Committee, under pressure to make changes in decades-old subsidy programs, voted Thursday to offer farmers an alternative safety net that lawmakers said will provide better protection against falling incomes and will save as much as $4 billion over the next five years. The future of a U.S. insurance company in China is now virtually the only stumbling block to Beijing's joining the World Trade Organization, negotiators said Friday. A Palestinian man was shot dead near Erez crossing point between the Gaza Strip and Israel Thursday, after he stabbed two Israelis, according to the Voice of Israel radio.
t9944 Forty-five thousand Rwandan refugees were on the move in Burundi on Friday, fleeing camps in the north of the central African country for Tanzania after ethnic clashes between Hutus and Tutsis. Search and rescue teams combed the jungles of southern Cambodia on Monday night, looking for a passenger plane with 22 people on board that crashed earlier that day while flying between two popular tourist destinations, officials said. Madagascar strongman Andry Rajoelina said Wednesday he was willing to let his rivals join his government but wants to keep his current prime minister until fresh elections can be held. The Economic Policy Institute has promoted Lawrence Mishel to president, from vice president. It said he would succeed Jeff Faux as chief executive in August. US stocks skidded lower Monday with a profit warning from Ford unnerving investors ahead of a heavy week of corporate earnings reports. In the driveway, there was a strange man in a strange truck with a government logo pasted on its door. To Richard Wenger -- an Old Order Mennonite, wary of new cars and new people and governments alike -- this was the scariest kind of visitor. Two astronauts pushed open the international space station's new front door early Saturday and stepped out into the void to finish work on the spacewalking passageway. China's textile industry saw an overall recovery in the first ten months this year, earning a profit of 22.8 billion yuan (about 2.8 billion U.S. dollars), an increase of 170 percent from the corresponding period last year.
t1541 Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi said Tuesday that his country would refuse to re-sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in April unless Israel joined up. Students who led recent protests against a decision by President Hugo Chavez that forced an opposition TV station off the air said Monday they are willing to meet with the government for talks. The Nigerian man dubbed the 'Underwear Bomber' after allegedly trying to blow up a Detroit-bound plane on Christmas Day in an Al-Qaeda plot returns to a US courtroom Tuesday. Have a question about the news? Colin Bessonette will try to get an answer. Call 404-222-2002, or write him at The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302, or e-mail him at q&AMP;a(at)ajc.com. Please include your name and hometown. Israel and the Palestinians pledged Thursday to observe an informal truce until the year-end although militants stopped short of declaring the full ceasefire the outside world had hoped for. Fears of a supermarket strike this summer in Southern and Central California evaporated Tuesday when the region's largest grocery chains and the union representing 65,000 store employees reached tentative agreement on a new four-year contract. Comedian Paula Poundstone pleaded innocent Tuesday to child molestation charges and was ordered to stay away from minor children unless their guardians or independent observers are present. The Indonesian government would review its "cease-fire" agreement with the Free Aceh Movement (GAM) in mid-November this year, an official at the country's Foreign Ministry said here Friday.
t5628 Andrew missed with only one kick all day, but after Craig Chalmers had given Scotland the lead with the first of his two drop-goals, he was always ahead of the Scottish kickers. The U.N. agency responsible for aiding Palestinian refugees fully resumed its services in the Gaza Strip Monday after a five-day suspension prompted by the deaths of two workers, its commissioner general said. Germany's first-choice goalkeeper Rene Adler could be set to miss June's World Cup after breaking a rib in training, it was reported here on Tuesday. Michael Apted's new film, ``Enigma,'' is a densely plotted historical thriller (based on a novel by Robert Harris) set in Bletchley Park, the English country estate that was the center of British code-breaking activities in World War II. Harris, whose other books include ``Fatherland'' and `'Archangel,'' specializes in turning The dollar moved back up to five-week highs against the euro Thursday as dealers squared their positions ahead of the long Easter weekend. For 43 years, Sister Angela Escalera has lived and often worked out of her order's small convent on this city's east side, helping the area's many poor and undocumented residents with translation, counseling and other needs. Rankings for the top 15 programs on basic cable networks as compiled by Nielsen Media Research for the week of July 2-8. Each ratings point represents 1,022,000 households. Day and start time (EDT) are in parentheses. Vladislav Mladenovic, charge d'affaires of the Yugoslav Mission to the United Nations, told an open Security Council meeting, "The new government of my country fully subscribes to Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and considers it the main and only basis for a just and lasting solution."
t2540 The Chamber of Deputies overwhelmingly passed a bill setting the terms for resuming peace negotiations with Zapatista guerrillas in the Mexican southern state of Chiapas. A national conference to help heal the wounds of 16 years of conflict in Somalia has been postponed again because some delegates will not arrive in time and the venue is still being constructed, the top official organizing the talks said Wednesday. The United States, Russia and Kazakhstan worked together to allow Kyrgystan's ousted president to leave the country, the foreign minister of Kazakhstan, who currently chairs the OSCE, said Thursday. If you're a glass-half-full person, you're thinking that Joe Thornton's return to the Bruins' lineup _ which came Saturday against the New York Rangers at the FleetCenter _ should be all the team needs to ensure success in the playoffs. Italian sprinter Alessandro Petacchi cruised to victory in the tough Milan-San Remo race here on Saturday, the third race of the 27-race Pro Tour series and the first one-day classic of the season. Here in the nation's capital, if you mention the word ``museum'' most people will think of the Smithsonian Institution, which has fabulous museums. But there are also lots of lesser-known museums worth a look if your family plans to travel in August. Here are a few. A man who became trapped while exploring a cave died as rocks collapsed over him Thursday, more than 24 hours into a feverish attempt to free him. The Dutch television hit show "Big Brother" has got a technological boost from Israel to better mimic the ever-watchful eyes of the awesome figure in an old political novel.
t4348 Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres met German leaders here Wednesday to discuss German and European support for Israeli-Jordan cooperation projects. With a ceremony that went off like a classic Swiss timepiece, officials Friday inaugurated the world's longest overland tunnel, a 34.6-kilometer-long (21-mile-long) rail link under the Alps meant to ease highway traffic jams in the mountainous country. All airports in northern Spain, including Barcelona, which were closed Sunday due to volcanic ash have reopened, a spokesman for Spanish civil aviation authority AENA said. Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Saturday that he would meet with Yasser Arafat on Sunday, after the Palestinian leader issued a statement condemning violence against Israeli civilians, and ``especially the last operation in Jerusalem.'' Hundreds of thousands of people may die and one quarter of the work force could be absent if Britain were hit by a bird flu pandemic, a senior government official said Tuesday. Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki on Wednesday strongly rebuked American politicians for threatening to withdraw support from his government, suggesting while on a trip to Syria that he could "find friends elsewhere" if he was abandoned by the United States. Top-seeded Magui Serna of Spain needed three sets Tuesday to beat Czech Kiara Koukalova in a first-round match at the WTA event in Palermo. China on Friday urged the Israeli and Palestinian sides to take steps to bring an end to the violence which has lasted for six weeks.
t501 The governments of Malawi and Mozambique Saturday began bilateral talks to hammer out fresh accords in various protocols and strengthen cooperation between the two neighbours. BATTING--MOrdonez, Detroit, .367; Posada, New York, .358; Polanco, Detroit, .345; VGuerrero, Los Angeles, .341; Youkilis, Boston, .338; ISuzuki, Seattle, .336; OCabrera, Los Angeles, .333. Peabody Energy, a top US coal company, is in talks with India's Coal India about long-term coal supplies and other potential tie-ups, the companies said in a statement Monday. ``What if you had the power to stop time?'' ask the advertisements for ``Clockstoppers,'' a new science-fiction adventure tale from the movie division of Nickelodeon, the children's cable channel. Swiss police have arrested a woman suspected in the murder of French banker Edouard Stern, local radio reported Wednesday, saying the killing was sex-related. Chocolate -- the proverbial food of the gods -- can slightly lower blood pressure in people with mild hypertension, doctors will report Wednesday in an analysis that spotlights the medical benefits of a tasty treat. President Bush blessed Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's tough-medicine economic package in a mountaintop meeting Saturday. Koizumi, in turn, backed off his criticism of Bush's environmental plans. A series of great changes of crucial significance are taking place on the Korean Peninsula presently. Since the June 13-15 summit meeting between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) and the Republic of Korea, relations between the DPRK and the United States have been improving at an extraordinary
t3716 PACT 95 president John Marshall looked up at his wounded America's Cup hopeful Monday, sighed and said: "We're being tested." Alan Ayckbourn is probably known as much for his unconventional staging techniques as he is for being England's most prolific playwright since William Shakespeare. Bayern Munich coach Louis van Gaal has labelled some of his side 'cissies' as the German giants bid to win a treble of Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup titles. No matter how much time he spent alone, no matter how solitary the confinement of his childhood interests, Charles Howell III was never lonely. ``I had 14 good friends in high school,'' Howell said. ``And they all fit in my golf bag.'' US oil giant Unocal and a group of villagers who accused it of condoning slave labour while building a key gas pipeline in Myanmar said Monday they had finalised a settlement of the case. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., had threatened to keep the Senate technically in session through August to block any moves by the White House to issue recess appointments. Eight years after AT&amp;T barged into the mobile phone business by acquiring McCaw Cellular, the time has come to cut the wireless umbilical cord. The People's Bank of China ( PBOC) announced Tuesday that by the end of September, the outstanding amount of loans given to college students had reached 1.59 billion yuan (about 192 million US dollars), an increase of 172.3 percent over the beginning of the year.
t9226 New Zealand's minority government was in trouble on Wednesday after revelations its chief whip had telephoned radio talk shows pretending to be an unemployed Maori exploiting the welfare system. Two months ago, a dozen Sunni insurgents -- haggard, hungry and handcuffed -- stepped tentatively into a U.S.-Iraqi combat outpost near Baqouba and asked to speak to the commander: "We're out of ammunition, but we want to help you fight al-Qaida." The controversial trial of Syed Hashmi, a US man accused of aiding Al-Qaeda, starts Wednesday with selection of an anonymous jury in New York. These business stories for release Friday, May 3, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Humanitarian agencies working in Uganda's unstable northern region on Sunday voiced concern over rising cases of abductions by Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) rebels as 10 people were kidnapped overnight. Joining a recent noble tradition of fine muckraking documentaries about where cheap stuff comes from, "King Corn" pulls the husk off the scandal of modern food production, specifically the industrialized, subsidized, largely mythologized world of American farming. The Army-Navy football game in 2002 has been moved from Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia to Giants Stadium because of a shortage of hotel rooms. The Rubin central naval design bureau in St. Petersburg has neither confirmed nor denied its receipt of a piece of the Kursk for investigating the reasons behind the submarine's sinking, said an Interfax report Monday.
t523 Deputy President Thabo Mbeki said Saturday he will meet soon with the estranged wife of South African President Nelson Mandela to hear her side of allegations of fraud and corruption against her. Authorities arrested a close aide to Indonesia's most-wanted terrorist, police said Sunday, shooting him in the leg as he tried to escape a raid on his hideout. European stock markets closed slightly firmer on Monday, with London's benchmark FTSE 100 index inching up 0.12 percent to 5,777.65 points. Diane Sawyer is barefoot in the lobby of the Beverly Hills Hotel; one hand holds her sandals, the other she presses against the cheek of her interviewer. She has just spent a half-hour on the roof of the hotel, as morning dawned in Los Angeles, for ``Good Morning America's'' British unemployment fell in February as the number of people claiming jobless benefits dropped by 700 to 813,300 people -- remaining near a 30-year low point, official data showed Wednesday. Four members of a Shenandoah Valley dairy farming family and a hired hand died Monday evening after breathing methane gas fumes inside a manure pit, Rockingham County authorities said Tuesday. The New York Mets designated outfielder Darryl Hamilton for assignment Saturday, one day after he asked for his release following an argument for manager Bobby Valentine. Nepali police destroyed 380 kilograms of hemp Sunday in Mahottari district in southeastern Nepal, according to the official RSS news agency.
t5389 Russian President Boris Yeltsin will alter the V-E Day parade in Moscow on May 9 to accommodate US President Bill Clinton's concerns about political fallout from the military display, The New York Times said Friday. South Korea's LG Electronics Inc. said Monday it will file a counter-lawsuit against Hitachi Ltd., its U.S. unit and a flat-panel joint venture, claiming the Japanese company infringed on patents related to LG's plasma displays. Argentina's last dictator, Reynaldo Bignone, 82, was Tuesday sentenced to 25 years in prison by a Buenos Aires court after being found guilty of ordering torture and illegal detentions during his 1982-1983 rule. In the ongoing legal battle over Nirvana's musical legacy, the surviving members of the legendary Seattle rock band want Courtney Love ordered to submit to a psychiatric examination. The dollar held steady against the euro on Thursday amid expectations that the US central bank would continue to raise interest rates to tackle rising American inflation. Capping a months-long scientific and ethics review, British regulators Wednesday said they were prepared to allow the creation of embryos that are part human and part animal for use in medical experiments. American Ira Einhorn lost his last-chance appeal Thursday of an extradition order that would return him to the United States, where he was convicted of the killing of his girlfriend more than two decades ago. Singapore retail sales rose to an estimated 2,449 million Singapore dollars in September 2000, up 5.5 percent compared with the 2,321 million Singapore dollars in the previous month, according to a press release from Singapore Department of Statistics (SDS) Wednesday.
t3731 The Japanese Socialists baulked Monday at sending a delegation from Japan's ruling coalition to North Korea this week to pave the way for resuming long-suspended talks on normalising bilateral ties. A senior Fiji military officer said Friday a New Zealand diplomat expelled from the South Pacific nation was involved in a mutiny plot against Fiji's military commander and coup leader late last year -- a charge immediately rejected by New Zealand. Spain's aviation authority ordered seven of the country's northern airports to close until 10:00 am on Sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud spreading over Europe. `God damn the rich,'' populist newspaper magnate E.W. Scripps once said, ``and God help the poor.'' The poor have been left to fend for themselves, but Scripps's wealthy descendants have done their bit to wreak havoc upon their own kin. US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld arrived here Monday to hold talks with his Argentine counterpart on the situation in troubled Haiti and Washington's concerns over shoulder fired missiles in Central America. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with Feroz Abbas Khan, writer and director of ``Gandhi, My Father,'' released this week, the 60th anniversary of India's independence. Says Khan, ``Mahatma Gandhi could transform the soul of a nation but could not save the soul of his own Marie Ferdinand scored four of her 13 points in the final minute as the Utah Starzz rallied to beat the Portland Fire 65-63 Sunday night. Indonesian Foreign Minister Alwi Shihab said here Tuesday that President Abdurrahman Wahid would pay a visit to Australia sometime in January next year, instead of initial plan of late November or early December.
t8870 UN refugee officials said Tuesday they would evacuate later this week more Turkish Kurdish refugees caught in the middle of Turkey's massive military crackdown on Kurdish separatists in northern Iraq. Police say a man made a bomb and sent threats that scuttled plans for a graduation ceremony because he did not want his mother to realize he had dropped out of college. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Monday she had "faith" in negotiations the International Monetary Fund and the European Union were conducting with Greece to resolve the country's debt crisis. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it Two wickets in the last hour prior to tea slowed South Africa down to 99 for two on the second day of the second Test against West Indies on Saturday. John L. Withers, 91, who died of cancer Oct. 7 at his Silver Spring, Md., home, never forgot the sight of the two emaciated Jewish boys in rags who trembled before him near Munich in 1945. As he toured the sights of London, President Bush on Thursday dismissed charges back home that his policies are isolationist and he vowed to stand firm against the global warming treaty supported by European allies. Huaxia, a small commercial bank, has been given permission by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) to go public, a move marking the fourth bank in China to float on the domestic stock markets.
t5855 Evergreen striker Peter Beardsley scored yet again another last-ditch winner against Arsenal on Sunday as they kept on course for a UEFA Cup spot. Half a century after Mao Zedong's "Great Leap Forward" brought irrigation to the arid grasslands in this remote corner of northwest China, the government is giving up on its attempt to make a breadbasket out of what has increasingly become a stretch of scrub and sand dunes. Five family members of a local chief of an anti-Qaeda militia were gunned down in their homes in Tarmiyah, north of the Iraqi capital on Tuesday, with the children also beheaded, police said. Any attempt to describe San Antonio's widely popular Fiesta to people who have not experienced it can be like trying to decipher Texas A&AMP;M University's famous school spirit. Taiwan share prices closed 1.08 percent higher Friday, led by a bounce in semiconductor and flat-panel stocks made mainly on support from government-linked institutions, dealers said. "Civilian deaths of all categories, less natural causes, have ... declined considerably, by over 45 percent Iraq-wide since the height of the sectarian violence in December. ... The level of civilian deaths is clearly still too high and continues to be of serious concern. ... The overall trajectory in President Bush sent the Senate his nomination of former ambassador Otto J. Reich to a top State Department post Thursday, setting the stage for a possible confirmation battle with Democrats. The United States beat Barbados 4-0 Wednesday with four second-half goals and advanced to the final round of CONCACAF World Cup qualifying.
t8839 A gunbattle erupted between Dhaka students and police as the Bangladesh opposition's latest campaign to bring down the government saw clashes in which 100 people were injured. The space shuttle Atlantis and its seven astronauts returned to Earth safely Friday, ending a two-week mission to deliver an addition to the international space station and bring home a crew member from the outpost. A policeman was shot dead Monday by suspected Muslim militants at a busy bus terminal in Indian-ruled Kashmir, officials said. To understand what this latest conflict is about, let's begin with Erica Belkin, a 16-year-old high school sophomore from Croton-on-Hudson. Belkin is a scout. She is also Jewish. Those two facts come together in that her plan for Sunday is to march in uniform with other scouts in the The resignation of Czech Prime Minister Stanislav Gross, whose personal financial scandal has split the ruling coalition government, moved a step closer Saturday when his Social Democrat party accepted a key condition for his departure. This meeting was their best chance to escape the filthy motel where they and their four children had lived for two years. A novel city program had offered them $1,200 to move into a decent rental. The sparks flew at Qualcomm Stadium and sirens blared at Camden Yards. None of the excitement had anything to do with winning a baseball game. Israel Friday deployed about 3,000 policemen around a disputed shrine in East Jerusalem, bracing for the Palestinians' first Friday prayers there in the Muslim holy fast month of Ramadan, police officials said.
t1254 A blockade of South Korea's parliament by opposition members bent on stopping electoral reforms, entered its second day Tuesday with no sign of that either side was prepared to give ground. An explosion in the Kenyan capital's packed business district Monday killed two people and injured more than 30, leaving behind a corpse with half his body blown away and sending hundreds of rush-hour commuters ducking for cover from bursts of flying shrapnel. Marseille will be looking to close down the French Ligue 1 title race when they travel to Sochaux on Wednesday as Bordeaux bid to put their poor form behind them against struggling Le Mans. Drought emergencies are plaguing much of the country, but the tide's still high on ``Dawson's Creek,'' where the 100th episode of the long-running teen drama will air on April 17. The Bulgarian press called Thursday for the former communist country to withdraw its 462 troops from Iraq before the end of 2005, following Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's call for the gradual withdrawal of Italy's contingent. An independent oversight board created to identify intelligence abuses after the CIA scandals of the 1970s did not send any reports to the attorney general of legal violations during the first 5 1/2 years of the Bush administration's counterterrorism effort, the Justice Department has told Congress. ``A.I. Artificial Intelligence,'' Steven Spielberg's sci-fi tale of a robot boy who longs to be loved, debuted as the top weekend film with $29.4 million. The leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), Kim Jong Il, held talks with visiting Chinese Defense Minister Chi Haotian here on Tuesday.
t7580 The British Foreign Office Friday confirmed a meeting of experts of the five-nation Contact Group on the former Yugoslavia will be held at the Foreign Office on Monday. Prime Minister John Howard stood firm against gay marriage Thursday as an opinion poll revealed that 71 percent of Australians believe that same-sex partners should have the same legal rights as common law heterosexual couples. Ash from a volcano in Iceland which caused Europe to lock down its skies forced the country's main airport to shut Friday, as tourism chiefs said the crisis had cost the industry 1.7 billion euros. In his 18 months in office, President Vicente Fox has tilted Mexico in a new direction: an open embrace of the United States. Australian share prices closed 1.0 percent lower Tuesday as resource stocks and the banking sector were sold off in a market that remained sluggish after the Easter holiday break, dealers said. By the late summer of 2002, as the first anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington approached, an American victory in Afghanistan appeared all but assured. A pro-Western government had convened in Kabul. Reconstruction teams fanned out through the provinces. U.S. and coalition troops hunted Some 60 young men and women from 24 countries will participate in the Cleveland International Piano Competition, Aug. 2-12, at The Cleveland Institute of Music and Severance Hall. The foreign ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) met Saturday in Bahraini capital Manama to prepare for the GCC's 11th summit which will be held on November 30-31.
t2883 The Palestinian self-rule authority is to debate different alternatives on the fate of Jerusalem, a senior PLO official said Saturday. Two astronauts floated outside the international space station Wednesday with a couple of tasks on their to-do list: help fold up a solar panel and complete work on the newest segment to power the orbiting outpost. Strong growth figures from China and better-than-expected consumer spending data in the United States lifted most Asian markets Thursday on growing optimism over the global economy. In the past five years, London has emerged as one of Europe's most exciting culinary meccas with a respectable showing of restaurants with one, two or three Michelin stars. Although the city has long offered good inexpensive ethnic food and a modest selection of Italian restaurants, upscale menus have EU finance ministers battled Sunday to strike a deal to rewrite the bloc's tattered fiscal rule book, but resistance to letting ailing Germany loosen the budget belt set the stage for bruising clashes. Bolivia has endured popular uprisings in recent years dubbed the ``gas war''' and the ``water war.'' Now it faces the ``capital war.'' Telecom Italia on Friday confirmed that some of its top executives were under investigation for possible fraud and conflict of interest but said it was confident they would be cleared of any wrongdoing. At least 10 civilians, including a woman, were killed and seven others injured in the crossfire during an encounter between militants and Assam Rifles personnel on the Imphal Airport road in Imphal of East India's Manipur State Thursday, official sources said.
t9022 Palestinian self-rule police on Tuesday staged a reconstruction with three suspects here of bloody clashes on November 18 which left 12 civilians and a policeman dead. North Korea's state media reports the country held "comprehensive and productive" talks during a U.S. nuclear envoy's recent trip to the country. Yemen's interior ministry said Monday a suicide attack on the convoy of the British ambassador in Sanaa appeared to be the work of Osama bin Laden's Al- Qaeda jihadist network. Al Gore plucked him from the sidelines where he was a junior senator and put him on the Democratic national ticket in 2000. They almost made it to the White House, in fact beating George W. Bush and Dick Cheney in the popular vote. Japanese Finance Minister Sadakazu Tanigaki on Sunday criticized Argentina for failing to negotiate with its creditors "in good faith" on massive debt restructuring. Attention, sushi lovers: Be sure to tell your doctor what you've been eating if you develop sudden stomach cramps, diarrhea and vomiting. Family-owned German brewer Beck &amp; Co. is up for sale after its owners concluded that the 128-year-old maker of Beck's beer is too small to compete as an independent concern in an increasingly global market. The latest discovery in the gas-bearing area will increase the proven natural gas reserves of the Changqing gas field to about 1, 000 billion cubic meters from the current 700 billion cubic meters.
t2063 Standard and Poor's Corp. said on Thursday it had lowered to "A-2" from "A-1" its commercial paper ratings of two wholly owned subsidiaries of Japan's Pioneer Electronic Corp. The federal deficit is running sharply lower through the first eight months of this budget year as growth in revenues continues to outpace the growth in spending. Iran and Saudi Arabia are bolstering their influence in Iraq weeks after a closely-fought election while the United States becomes increasingly focused on a smooth military withdrawal, analysts say. State health officials are responding to requests to investigate 41 liver surgery cases at Mount Sinai Hospital, where a patient died in January after donating part of his liver. A European Union official Friday backed Sofia's attempts to secure the release of five Bulgarians sentenced to death with a Palestinian in Libya for the infection of hundreds of children with the AIDS virus. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales testified Tuesday that top congressional leaders from both parties agreed in March 2004 to continue a classified surveillance activity that Justice Department officials had deemed illegal, a contention immediately disputed by key Democratic lawmakers. Comedian-actor Robert Klein is returning to the big and small screen as a co-star on a new ABC sitcom and in the Al Pacino film, ``People I Know.'' China will issue an additional 50 billion yuan of long-term treasury bonds tomorrow to increase fixed asset investment, the Ministry of Finance announced here today.
t1617 Informed sources in Papeete said Victor's funeral service would take place off Bora-Bora aboard the French Navy frigate Dumont-Durville, with the explorer buried at sea. The death toll in a spate of mudslides, flooding and lightning in southeastern Bangladesh rose to 91 on Tuesday after rescuers recovered nine more bodies, rescue officials and witnesses said. Energy and climate ministers and other officials from across the Americas gather here Thursday and Friday as the United States hosts a summit intended to boost cooperation on clean energy. Secretary of State Colin Powell signaled Wednesday that he may seek a cease-fire and political negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians in response to mounting international pressure for U.S. intervention in the Middle East turmoil. National Hockey League commissioner Gary Bettman made two new proposals to end a labor deadlock here Thursday in meetings with NHL Players Association leaders, who sounded a pessimistic note at the plans. In the race to find the genetic underpinnings of restless leg syndrome -- a condition sometimes greeted with skepticism -- two teams of researchers will announce Thursday discoveries demonstrating that the movement disorder is indelibly inscribed in patients' DNA. Iraq's deputy ambassador to the United Nations and another senior diplomat in the mission have requested asylum in the United States for themselves and their families, diplomatic and police sources confirmed Tuesday. Violent crimes in Cyprus fell last year, but drug use was on the increase, according to Friday's Cyprus Mail newspaper.
t1509 The dollar tumbled to all-time lows against the yen and German mark Tuesday as currency markets were roiled by the Mexican economic crisis and investors shunning the greenback as a "safe haven" currency. Gaza hospitals turned into battlegrounds as rival Palestinian forces stepped up their street fighting, killing 17, including a top Fatah official in northern Gaza, as the crowded territory tilted dangerously in the direction of civil war. The body of Polish president Lech Kaczynski's wife Maria was flown out of Moscow's Domodedovo airport Tuesday morning, an airport spokeswoman said. A terrible disaster is in the making in the Middle East. What Osama bin Laden failed to achieve on Sept. 11 is now being unleashed by the Israeli-Palestinian war in the West Bank: a clash of civilizations. Palestinian militant groups agreed Thursday to extend until the end of the year a lull in attacks against Israeli targets but stopped short of the formal truce the international community had hoped Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas would obtain. Yahoo, struggling to compete with Google on search and advertising and to adapt to recent changes in management, said Tuesday that second-quarter profit dropped 2.3 percent. Jennifer Capriati kept her Grand Slam bid alive Tuesday, rallying from the edge of defeat to beat Serena Williams in three sets and reach the semifinals at Wimbledon. The U.N. Transitional Administration in East Timor (UNTAET) said the new development agency brings together five UNTAET units, namely those in charge of donor coordination, gender affairs, environment protection, economic planning and project assessment, and census and statistics.
t4167 Bernard Tapie denied here Tuesday any involvement in an alleged attempt to fix a French first division football match two years ago. The successor party to the former East German communists and a left-wing group of disillusioned Social Democrats formally fused Friday, forming Germany's newest political party, The Left. KLM Royal Dutch Airlines declared most of European airspace "safe" after a series of flights to test the affect of volcanic ash, and flew cargo flights to the Middle East and to Asia on Sunday. At a little over 3,000 feet above sea level, Kayford Mountain once presided over a jagged network of wooded valleys and hollows in the forbiddingly rugged terrain of southern West Virginia. Bulgaria's defence minister Nikolay Svinarov said Tuesday that he wanted the country's troops to leave Iraq by the end of 2005. Even on the Internet, men are less likely than women to ask for driving directions. They are also less likely than women to seek out health-related information -- for themselves or others, according to findings presented Sunday at the American Psychological Association conference in San Francisco. The Lincoln Saltdogs suspended manager James Kash Beauchamp on Monday, the day after he was arrested on a misdemeanor assault charge. The corn and soybean harvest in the United States is expected to reach a record level this year, the Agriculture Department said Thursday.
t5787 Russian troops near Argun are gearing up for the decisive battle for the town, one of the bastions of the separatist Chechen forces. Dressed in white to symbolize purity, a priest recited from the Zoroastrian holy book at a shrine as members of this ancient pre-Islamic religion marked what they see as one of the most bitter events in Iran's history: the 7th century Arab conquest of Persia. The worldwide travel chaos inflicted by a volcano in Iceland has highlighted the European Union's inability to get a coordinated aviation system off the ground, leaving travellers and airlines frustrated. Salvatore Gravano, who double-crossed both his Mafia colleagues and federal prosecutors by becoming an informer and then returning to a life of crime, displayed his loyalty Thursday. He said he wanted to stick with his lawyer even though she is facing felony charges. About 1,000 Ugandan opposition supporters on Thursday took to the streets of the capital Kampala to demonstrate against President Yoweri Museveni's pursuit of a third term in office, currently banned by the constitution. You will have to get up pretty early to see most of the Women's World Cup on television. All of the games on ESPN and ESPN2 are airing at 5 a.m. or 8 a.m. In a sharp escalation of violence, Israeli tanks shelled Palestinian police posts in the West Bank Thursday in response to attacks against Israelis. The fighting left one Palestinian dead and five Palestinians and six Israelis wounded. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,953.34 points Thursday, up 38.28 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t5126 Azerbaijani government forces and rebel police units were locked in heavy fighting in a Baku suburb Friday, which has claimed several casualties including civilians, Interfax news agency reported. Police on Sunday were investigating claims that a Russian journalist working on a sensitive investigative report had been shot and lightly wouned. Japan asked the International Tennis Federation on Monday to postpone their Fed Cup play-off against Slovenia next weekend due to the air traffic crisis caused by Iceland's volcanic eruption. Aid workers, who were allowed to move back into the rubble-strewn refugee camp at Jenin two days ago, said on Tuesday that Israeli officials had failed to keep their promises to provide the rescue teams and excavation equipment needed to search for survivors, remove bodies and feed and reunite France's Amelie Mauresmo is hoping a change of coasts brings a change of fortune at the WTA and ATP Masters Series tournament that started here Wednesday, while more of the same would no doubt suit men's top seed Roger Federer just fine. Looking wan and exhausted, and apologizing for the trouble they have caused their nation, South Korean missionaries held hostage for six weeks in Afghanistan arrived home early Sunday morning. After waiting more than a year to schedule his confirmation hearing, senators gave U.S. Appeals Court Judge Roger Gregory little to worry about Wednesday, spending more time praising his renomination than questioning it. "I think both the World Bank and the Indian government would have to initiate measures for enhancing the utilization," Wolfensohn told the media here while winding up his nine-day visit to the country during which he toured five states and went across several villages and rural areas.
t9594 Sudanese rebel leader John Garang Thursday declared a two-month ceasefire to match a government truce announced after mediation by former US president Jimmy Carter. The French Finance Ministry said Sunday it plans to reduce its stake in France Telecom by 5 percent to reduce public debt. The leader of Britain's newly-buoyant Liberal Democrats was accused of arrogance Tuesday as he struggled to clarify what he would do if his party holds the balance of power after elections next week. A swath of heavy rain will soak areas from the eastern Tennessee Valley early Saturday morning to the Carolinas and southern Virginia later Saturday. Potent thunderstorms will be imbedded in the area of rain, especially near a wavering front from northern Georgia to the Carolina coast. Farther south, strong Africa's one-year-old parliament Monday ended its third session by deciding to send fact finders to Ivory Coast to monitor a new South African-brokered peace deal in the west African nation. A Washington Post article about small farms incorrectly identified Elaine Lidholm as a spokeswoman for the Virginia Independent Consumers and Farmers Association. She is a spokeswoman for the Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. Mergers may cause some people to lose their jobs and families to lose control of Singapore's banks, but the prime minister said Friday that consolidation is needed to keep Singapore's banking sector competitive in the global economy. In a report to the U.N. Security Council, released here Tuesday, Annan said that UNMIBH "performs a specific but vital role in peace implementation -- to assist the parties to establish the foundations for effective, democratic and sustainable law enforcement agencies."
t7298 China has no expansionist intentions and does not intend to buy aircraft carriers, according to Admiral Jacques Lanxade, the French armed forces chief-of-staff, who visited China this week. Dozens of Russian women and children who fled fighting in the Gaza Strip crossed into Jordan on Wednesday en route for Moscow, a Russian diplomat said. Vince Carter shot nine-of-11 from the free throw line and finished with 19 points Wednesday as Orlando beat Charlotte 92-77 to take a 2-0 lead in their first round NBA playoff series. On Tuesday, Barry Scheck, the defense lawyer, called Charles J. Hynes, the Brooklyn district attorney. On Wednesday, because of that phone call, Hector Gonzalez walked out of a Brooklyn courthouse, into freedom he had not been scheduled to taste for a long time. He could not stop smiling. A website explaining to Russians how to survive a terrorist attack was launched Monday with the help of the former KGB. The tragedy in Washington's escalating confrontation on children's healthcare is that the legislation Congress is on track to approve this week with substantial bipartisan support advances precisely the goal President Bush claims as his priority. Four Rwandan genocide suspects have been discovered working at the U.N. tribunal set up to prosecute people for the 1994 killings, an official said Monday. Commander of Indonesian Army Strategic Reserve Command (Kostrad), elite troops in the country's Army, Let. Gen. Ryamizard Ryacudu said that his men were ready to be sent to the troubled provinces of Aceh and Irian Jaya to safeguard the provinces from disintegration threats, a report said Thursday.
t1749 Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto condemned the killing of two American diplomats in southern Karachi Wednesday as a "well-planned campaign of terrorism to create fear and harrassment." Actor Bruce Willis says he is glad to be back doing action films -- but at age 52, he admitted that surviving "Die Hard 4.0" was no easy task. Debate over whether to lay Polish president Lech Kaczynski to rest in a cathedral alongside monarchs, heroes and even a saint has spilled into cyberspace and ruptured national unity since his death. A lawyer who has handled hundreds of sexual abuse cases against the Roman Catholic Church filed two lawsuits on Wednesday that name the Vatican and Pope John Paul II among those responsible for moving pedophile priests not only between dioceses, but also between countries to avoid prosecution. President Vladimir Putin of Russia was due in Paris Friday for talks with a trio of European leaders -- Jacques Chirac of France, Gerhard Schroeder of Germany and Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero of Spain -- whose aim is to bolster ties between Moscow and the EU. Celine Dion is leaving Las Vegas, but her legacy might long reign over the Strip -- in the form of a $1 billion expansion and renovation of Caesars Palace, including a 665-room tower, a new casino entrance and three swimming pools. Michael R. Bonsignore resigned as chairman and chief executive of Honeywell International Inc. Tuesday following the European Commission's rejection of the company's planned $41 billion merger with General Electric Co. The Chinese Paralympians have emulated their able-bodied athletes when they finished all their events in the 11th Paralympics Games here on Saturday.
t392 Darnell Hall, who dominated the 400m in Europe this indoor season, led qualifying at the US indoor athletics championships on Friday as world record holder Michael Johnson settled for the fifth-fastest time. Scotland Yard is considering using foreign armed police to protect dignitaries during the 2012 London Olympics if it is unable to train enough British officers to use firearms in time, police said Saturday. Kazakhstan's authoritarian president touted himself as poster boy of the Washington nuclear disarmament summit Monday and President Barack Obama -- after securing a new air route into Afghanistan -- responded in kind. Billy Wilder, the caustic writer and director who won six Academy Awards and international acclaim as one of the world's great filmmakers and then spent the last 21 years of his vivid life imploring Hollywood to let him make another movie, died on Wednesday night at his home in Hong Kong share prices closed 0.11 percent higher Wednesday, recovering from early losses as sentiment got a boost from Financial Secretary Henry Tang's annual budget speech, dealers said. Retired Rear Adm. Eugene B. Fluckey, a renowned World War II submarine commander whose daring attacks on Japanese ships earned him a Medal of Honor, has died. He was 93. Federal authorities have accused an Albuquerque teen-ager of hacking into a NASA computer at the Ames Research Center in Northern California. Following are the standings after Friday's final games in the first round of the Asian Cup soccer tournament (tabulated under games played, won, drew, lost, goals for,against, and points):
t8926 Sierra Leone government forces Tuesday began a heavy bombardment of an area just 60 kilometres (some 40 miles) east of the city in a bid to "suck out" rebel remnants in the area, residents said. The potent mix of politics and sport will be readily apparent when the 12-nation Copa America -- the world's oldest international soccer tournament -- kicks off next week in Venezuela. A group of Chinese and Turkish evangelical explorers said Monday they believe they may have found Noah's Ark -- four thousand metres up a mountain in Turkey. Germany, which prides itself on a ``social consensus'' between workers and industry, is now bracing for the most combative confrontation between unions and manufacturers in at least seven years. The crypt containing the tomb of John Paul II will open to pilgrims and tourists early next week as the Vatican heads into an interregnum in the wake of the late pope's epic funeral. Roy A. Rosenzweig, 57, a social and cultural historian at George Mason University who became a prominent advocate for "digital history," a field combining historical scholarship with digital media's broad reach and interactive possibilities, died Oct. 11 at Virginia Hospital Center in Arlington County. He had lung cancer. Senate Democrats hoping to overturn President Bush's ban on U.S. aid for groups that advocate abortion rights abroad presented witnesses Thursday to make a case that the policy will lead to misery and death. Brazil National Economic and Social Development Bank (BNDES), decided on Friday to invest 30 million U.S. dollars to modernize and repair railway in the northeast region of the country.
t7410 European Commission President Jacques Santer again called on Thursday for a fast transition to the union's planned single currency and for a monetary world based on the ecu, the dollar and the yen. Defense expert Zeev Schiff, one of Israel's most respected and well known journalists, died Tuesday night, his paper, the Haaretz daily, announced. He was 74. The International Monetary Fund prepared Friday to aid a eurozone member for the first time since the 16-nation bloc was formed more than a decade ago, after Greece formally asked for an IMF loan. She plays Lannie Kerrigan, an ambitious Seattle girl who compensates for an inferiority complex by manufacturing herself into a glamorous but excruciatingly shallow star reporter for local KQMO-TV. Stocks swung higher Monday as oil prices retreated and investors bet that economic reports due out this week would show an easing of inflationary pressures. Shot on digital video and group-improvised from a loose outline by Swanberg, "Hannah Takes the Stairs" is the latest addition to the growing canon of DIY, twentysomething angst indies grouped under the category of mumblecore. Like Andrew Bujalski's "Funny Ha Ha" and "Mutual Appreciation," and the Duplass brothers' "The Mexican President Vicente Fox called for the United States to offer broad amnesty to illegal workers as he wrapped up his two-day visit to Chicago on Monday. The decline of telecom stocks pressed Hong Kong stock market down 186.61 points, or 1.28 percent, to close at 14,376.9 Friday.
t6160 In Brussels, French economics minister Edmond Alphandery said after a meeting of EU economics and finance ministers that "Tensions on the forex markets won't last. The dollar is presently undervalued and can rally". China's capital Beijing has reported 1,092 cases of children infected with hand, foot and mouth disease since the beginning of the year, a sharp increase over previous months, state media reported Tuesday. The rival Palestinian movements Hamas and Fatah took part in a demonstration on Wednesday, reuniting for the first time since their violent 2007 split. In a drizzle early on Wednesday, April 3, as Cobra helicopters thumped the air overhead, Israeli infantry troops accompanied by armored bulldozers and tanks approached the fringes of this camp. The euro remained under 1.30 dollars in thin trading on Friday with many forex traders on holiday and stock markets closed for the long Easter weekend. It's a major video-game company's flagship first-person shooter, a trilogy-ending space adventure that's easily one of the most anticipated games of the year. First-round draft pick Samuel Dalembert will have throat surgery Tuesday, and the 76ers expect him to return to physical activity in 4-to-6 weeks. The third seed Anne Kremer and the fourth seed Tatlana Panova eventually entered the final match of the 12th Volvo Women's Tennis Open by defeating their rivals in Saturday's semi-finals in the Thai beach resort of Pattya.
t5513 The UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) Saturday blamed Bosnian Serbs for firing at two UN planes at Sarajevo airport, warning that next time it might strike back. Imperial Chemical Industries PLC said Monday that it rejected an informal 7.2 billion pound (euro10.6 billion; US$14.2 billion) takeover bid by Akzo Nobel NV. Its shares soared more than 16 percent as analysts saw higher bids as a possibility. Ronnie O'Sullivan moved into the second round of the world snooker championship on Tuesday but the three-times champion's progress past China's Liang Wenbo was less smooth than had been anticipated. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Police in Somalia's self-declared breakaway republic of Somaliland said Thursday that 10 people have been charged with terrorism in connection with the murders of four foreign aid workers. The vast majority of the kills are tallied by a poker-faced sharpshooter named Smith played with endearing grumpiness by Clive Owen. The film opens with Smith sitting on a bus bench munching a carrot, the significance of which soon becomes clear. The crunchy, orange vegetable not only indicates that The Yugoslav government allowed the royal Karadjordjevic family to move back into their ancestral palaces Thursday, decades after they were stripped of their citizenship and property. Chinese President Jiang Zemin said here Wednesday that the relations between China and the Republic of Korea (ROK) show a good development momentum.
t4525 Ulster loyalists said Wednesday they had accepted an invitation to meet US President Bill Clinton at the White House Friday at a St Patrick's Day lunch to which Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams was also invited. Triple-digit swings in the Dow Jones industrials the past two weeks might seem like a painful reminder of the volatility that devastated Wall Street in the early part of the decade. Most people view the iPad as a slick multi-media entertainment platform, but Gregg Vanderheiden, a university professor, sees other potential uses for Apple's new touchscreen device. Each weekday before noon, the people line up outside the confessional at Holy Trinity Church in this river city's timeworn downtown, bursting with sin. The Beijing Meteorological Bureau Wednesday issued a warning urging citizens to prepare for dust storms as strong winds from the north start to kick up sand and grit. It's curious, but with tens of thousands of Americans still fighting and dying in Iraq, the only sure- fire fighting words in American politics are "Vietnam War." Specialty clothing retailer The Limited Inc. is selling its Lane Bryant chain of women's apparel stores to Charming Shoppes Inc. for $335 million in cash and stock. The four vessels were seized on Wednesday while illegally fishing in Indian waters off Tillan Chong island in the Nicobar group, the PTI quoted an Indian coast guard spokesman as saying here on Friday.
t733 The Palestinians on Sunday accused Israel of freezing talks on extending self-rule and said they would appeal to US Secretary of State Warren Christopher to help revive the negotiations. Inmates at the federal prison camp in Otisville, New York, were stunned by what they saw at the chapel library at the end of May -- hundreds of books had disappeared from the shelves. Australian authorities Monday successfully refloated a Chinese ship which leaked tonnes of oil and threatened a major environmental disaster when it grounded on a shoal on the Great Barrier Reef. Rejecting the kind of administrative dominance that the United Nations has exercised in East Timor and Kosovo, the Security Council authorized a new mission in Afghanistan last week that will leave most of the responsibility for rebuilding the country with its own government. Sao Tome's former prime minister Guilherme Posser da Costa went on trial Wednesday on charges of damaging the state prosecutor's office and attempted assault in relation to a financial scandal. This recipe is adapted from ``The New Spanish Table'' by Anya von Bremzen. You may substitute scallops for the monkfish and mussels for the clams. See accompanying box for sources for Vialone Nano rice. Arborio rice may be substituted. A bomb exploded in a crowded movie theater in southern Pakistan on Sunday, killing at least one person and injuring 14 a day before local elections opposed by powerful ethnic groups. Tom Winsor told the privately-owned Railtrack that the extra cash should be over and above amounts earmarked for the period between 2001-2005, a statement said.
t4666 A former Vietnam War veteran said Thursday New Zealand soldiers routinely executed prisoners in the field but his claims have been strongly denied. Malaysia hopes to obtain the World Health Organization's approval to declare itself free of bird flu in two weeks, the health minister said, following a recent outbreak among chickens. Germany's DFS air safety agency extended to 2:00 pm (1200 GMT) Tuesday the shutdown of its airspace because of volcanic ash but said airlines could operate some flights with special permission. ATTENTION EDITORS: This article from the NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE report of MONDAY, APRIL 15, 2002, is available as a ``separate buy.'' For information about purchasing the article, contact DEBRA WEYDERT of The New York Times Syndicate at 732-390-4480; fax, 732-390-4697; e-mail, weyded(at)nytimes.com Russian deputies have called for the director of the Bolshoi to be fired for staging a "vulgar" opera that premieres Wednesday which they say tarnishes the image of Russia's prestigious national theater. You can keep your shape-shifting, reality-altering, self-repairing, spaceship-flying or bionic women -- my heroine of the moment is Monica Groves, a passionate 21-year-old whose University of Virginia class ring confers no special powers, perhaps apart from a little extra confidence. And it's a confidence she'll need: "The Education of No, Curt Schilling didn't grow 6 inches this week. That was Randy Johnson out on the mound for the National League to start the All-Star game. Joint Turkish-Israeli-U.S. naval maneuvers, originally planned to take place in December, have been postponed indefinitely, Turkey's Anatolia News Agency reported on Friday.
t4082 Sierra Leone rebels said Tuesday they were still planning to free a group of kidnapped foreigners "within a few days" despite the last- minute cancellation of a planned hand-over date. A bombing early Friday on a busy street in the mainly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir injured six people, including a soldier, officials said. Sweden's Anna Nordqvist won the inaugural Mojo 6 Jamaica LPGA Invitational on Friday, beating Amanda Blumenherst 1-up in the six-hole championship match. Bill Paxton's latest movie, ``Frailty,'' is being referred to as his directorial debut. But longtime followers of the 46-year-old Fort Worth native know his directing career started much earlier _ back, in fact, before he made the video for the 1982 novelty song ``Fish Heads.'' Back all the way AC Milan midfielder Gennaro Gattuso could be forced to drop out of the Italy squad for Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Scotland if the Italian football federation (FIGC) carry out their threat to sanction players who refuse to take blood tests. Michael Deaver will be remembered as Ronald Reagan's magic man, the impresario who orchestrated presidential performances, ordered up the backdrops (usually blue) and carefully staged historical remembrances such as the splendid observance of the D-Day anniversary on the beaches of Normandy in 1984. All of that is well and Faced with an ``abrupt'' economic slowdown, Corning Inc. announced Monday it will close three manufacturing plants and cut another 1,000 jobs from its photonic technologies division. Spain's Central Banks currency reserves declined to 42.568 billion euros (36.608 billion U.S. dollars) by the end of October from 42.750 billion euros (36.853 billion dollars) in the previous month, according to the data from the bank.
t1965 Documents detailing the last two months' trading of Nick Leeson, the futures dealer accused of bringing down the British merchant banking group Barings, are missing, Thursday's Guardian reported. China sees the need to resolve escalating tensions over its yawning trade gap with the rest of the world, the EU's trade chief Peter Mandelson said Tuesday after talks with Chinese Commerce Minister Bo Xilai. Europe issued a stark warning on Wednesday that Portugal needs to cut its deficit this year, as finance chiefs steeled themselves for investors switching target from Greece. In a sweeping U.S. response to the Middle East crisis, President Bush demanded Thursday that Israel end its military offensive in the Palestinian territories and he ordered Secretary of State Colin Powell to the region to seek an immediate cease-fire. Formula One's leading technical chiefs declared the sport's new rules a success here Friday but warned it will not take long for speeds to increase once again. Most Americans see President Bush as intransigent on Iraq and prefer that the Democratic-controlled Congress make decisions over a possible withdrawal of U.S. forces, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll. Jennifer Capriati can move closer to a third straight Grand Slam title, while Venus Williams and Lindsay Davenport meet in a rematch of last year's Wimbledon women's championship. The Far East leopard, a member of the leopard family living in Asia, is close to extinction, with the number of the species estimated to be less than 50.
t5740 Six members of the Israeli parliament went to Cairo on Sunday as guests of their Egyptian counterparts saying they hoped to improve relations between the two countries. The rumors were true: The famously dysfunctional couple at the head of France's main opposition Socialist Party is breaking up. German investor confidence has surged in April, as financial experts saw continued recovery from the country's worst post-war recession, the ZEW economic research institute said Tuesday. This should be the golden age for pharmaceutical scientists. The deciphering of the human genome is laying bare the blueprint of human life. Medical research has increased understanding of disease. Robots and computers are turning drug discovery from a mixing of chemicals in a test tube to an industrialized, Opposition leaders in Kyrgyzstan took the reins of power Thursday after President Askar Akayev's hardline regime collapsed and looting engulfed the normally sleepy capital of the Central Asian nation. Film distributors came out with their guns blazing as Hollywood launched the fall season over the weekend with two major action movies aimed squarely at male audiences. President Bush's job approval rating improved slightly, to 57 percent in a CNN-USA Today-Gallup poll released Thursday. Several recent polls had shown his job approval slipping to just over 50 percent. The poll of 998 adults was taken July 10-11 and has an error margin of plus or minus Chinese President Jiang Zemin Thursday briefed APEC leaders at their 8th annual meeting in Brunei on the preparations for the 2001 APEC Meeting to be held in Shanghai, China.
t7295 Eurotunnel said Thursday that the conditions under which it is to be authorized to draw on existing credit lines have been agreed with agent banks and are now "being approved" by all of the banking syndicates. With his group firmly in power in Gaza, Hamas official Mahmoud Zahar on Wednesday said the radical Islamic movement doesn't want trouble with Israel but won't be the Jewish state's "protector" either, threatening retaliation if attacked. Thailand's Red Shirt anti-government protesters defied mounting pressure Thursday to end their crippling rallies as Washington expressed concern at the prospect of more bloodshed in a key ally. In their eagerness to move production offshore, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Chamber of Commerce and the National Federation of Independent Business all join in a chant of ``free trade, fast track.'' Election observers said Monday that the second round of municipal elections in Macedonia -- seen as a test of the country's political stability as it bids to join the European Union -- was again marred by irregularities. Giorgio Armani is looking for a good pair of shoes. And Bottega Veneta designer Tomas Maier has his sights set on a memorable frock or two. Each is trying to expand his business, from opposite ends of the spectrum. Shares in Peapod Inc. surged 69 percent Monday after the Dutch supermarket giant that already holds a controlling stake announced plans to buy the rest of the online grocer for $35 million in cash and make it a wholly owned subsidiary. The Eminent Persons Group ( EPG) on ASEAN-Japan relations will submit to the fourth ASEAN Informal Summit a report calling for new partnership between ASEAN and Japan, said Simon Tay, co-chair of the EPG, Thursday here.
t1514 Russian warplanes have mined the main road in Chechnya to stop Chechen separatists using it, a Russian military official told the Interfax news agency here Tuesday. A new Associated Press calculation shows that compensation for America's top executives has skyrocketed into the stratospheric heights of pro athletes and movie stars: Half make more than $8.3 million (euro6.22 million) a year, and some make much, much more. The interim authorities in Kyrgyzstan have stripped ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev of his immunity to prosecution and will arrest him if he does not surrender, a top official said on Tuesday. LOS ANGELES - The film industry's seven major studios may have been fierce rivals during this year's bitter Oscar race, but on Tuesday they presented a united front in announcing plans to develop uniform standards for digital cinema technology. Serbs throughout the UN-run province of Kosovo held church services Thursday to mark the one-year anniversary of anti-Serb violence that left 19 dead and thousands displaced, but many said they were still too scared to go home. Officials in Libya on Tuesday commuted the death sentences of six foreign health workers convicted of intentionally infecting hundreds of Libyan children with HIV, the latest in a series of steps aimed at closing a case that has severely strained relations between a once-pariah state and the United States The European Union blocked General Electric Co.'s $41 billion purchase of Honeywell International Inc. on Tuesday, the first time a proposed merger between two U.S. companies has been blocked solely by European regulators. U.N. Secretary-General's Special Adviser for Cyprus, Alvaro de Soto, Friday called on the Greek and Turkish Cypriots to work in a constructive way with him by putting forward their comments on ideas the U.N. provides for them.
t1170 The interest rate on three-month US Treasury bonds stood at 5.77 percent, its highest level since February 13, at the regular weekly auction Monday. Militants in Nigeria announced Monday they were releasing four Britons, three Americans and other foreign hostages, and authorities were heading to a rendezvous point to take custody of the captives. Polish president Lech Kaczynski and his wife Maria will be laid to rest Sunday in Wawel castle in the southern city of Krakow, Cardinal Stanislaw Dziwisz said, confirming earlier reports. If you still wonder who he is and why he's leading off Los Angeles' 2002 baseball season this afternoon, you should listen to Dave Roberts talk about his idea of the perfect Dodgers debut. Australia's commitment to improving its relationship with Indonesia is "intense," Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday as the countries began talks on translating Canberra's tsunami aid pledges into practical projects. Never one to miss a beat, hip-hop mogul Damon Dash has sold his L.A. home of five years for $3.6 million. Scientists appear to have found a way that someday could allow women to become mothers after they no longer can produce viable eggs, a potential advance in breaking the last great barrier to fertility treatments. China exported 25.98 billion U.S. dollars worth of high-tech commodities in the first nine months of the year, up 52.5 percent from the same period last year.
t6713 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Tuesday prodded a five- nation "contact group" of four western nations and Russia to mount another bid to preserve a truce in Bosnia that is rapidly fraying. Fraud committed by government contractors in Iraq is a problem but is not as severe as some critics have suggested, federal officials said Tuesday. Dutch police have detained 20 people for smuggling cocaine in containers for in-flight meals and waste on planes flying between the Dutch Antilles and the Netherlands, police said Thursday. In a courtroom packed with reporters, actor Robert Blake pleaded not guilty Monday to capital murder charges in his wife's fatal shooting outside a restaurant. The death of James Callaghan, Britain's prime minister in the late 1970s, prompted colleagues to pay tribute Sunday to "one of the outstanding politicians of the 20th century". MedImmune has cleared a significant hurdle to revive its long-troubled nasal flu vaccine, announcing Wednesday that the Food and Drug Administration had approved FluMist for children 2 to 5 years old. Tom Craven's hearse was an antique fire truck and his funeral cortege Saturday was a string of pumpers, tankers and green Forest Service rigs. The gold price in Hong Kong went up three HK dollars to close at 2,485 HK dollars a tael Tuesday, according to Po Sang Bank, one of the major gold dealers in Hong Kong.
t3131 China and the United States announced Sunday the resumption of stalled talks on China's entry to the World Trade Organisation (WTO), as both sides sought to bridge their differences over market access. Monique Currie scored a career-high 25 points, and Tree Rollins got his first victory as a WNBA coach in the Washington Mystics' 86-69 victory over the Phoenix Mercury on Wednesday. The volcanic ash cloud that has moved over Europe from Iceland was likely to disrupt European air space for "several days", a global association of air traffic control companies said Friday. These Sports stories for release Wednesday, April 10, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Roger Federer successfully defended his Indian Wells ATP Masters Series title, defeating Lleyton Hewitt 6-2, 6-4, 6-4 in Sunday's final to claim his 26th career singles crown. The image on the left is ``Woman Drying Hair,'' a 1905 painting by French impressionist master Edgar Degas. The image beside it is a approximation of what Stanford University retinal physiologist Michael Marmor believes Degas may have seen when he was painting. An Algerian who plotted to bomb an airport told jurors Friday that he initially lied to the government to protect associates and to keep his family safe. At least Eight people were killed and 23 injured when a bus rolled into a deep gorge near Jais on Theog-Jubbal road, 340 kilometers from Shimla in north India's Himachal Pradesh, Saturday, police said.
t8102 French premier Edouard Balladur is struggling to revamp his image with voters less than a month ahead of presidential ballots which look set to be won by his rightwing rival Paris mayor Jacques Chirac. Bear Stearns Cos. narrowly averted the very public collapse of two hedge funds this week after rivals balked at forcing their immediate dissolution. Thailand's political crisis shows that a constitution drawn up by the military can never deliver stability, Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi said Saturday, according to her party. Yasser Arafat, the besieged Palestinian leader who has been confined to his West Bank compound for nearly five months, will be free to leave under a U.S. plan approved Sunday by Israel and the Palestinians. Security was tighter than ever around Egypt's main tourist sites Friday, a day after a bomb in Cairo's old bazaar killed at least two foreigners and raised the spectre of a fresh wave of terrorist attacks. The victory could embolden the industry in its four-year legal campaign against piracy at a time when illegal sharing of music online is dramatically reducing music sales. Oakland at Minnesota (8:05 p.m. EDT.) In a matchup of 10-game winners, Tim Hudson and the Athletics play Brad Radke and the AL Central-leading Twins. Pakistan will get financial assistance worth 35 million U.S. dollars from the United Nations Fund for Population (UNFPA) for its population control program during the next four years.
t6344 South Korea on Tuesday rejected North Korean threats to scuttle Seoul's plans for a nuclear waste dump on an island near their border, dismissing charges that the site could endanger millions of lives. Romanian President Traian Basescu has recalled the country's ambassador to Austria after documents revealed that the diplomat had collaborated with the feared Securitate Communist-era secret police, the president's office said Tuesday. All long-haul flights to and from France and three quarters of shorter services were operating as scheduled Wednesday, the civil aviation agency said, after days of disruption caused by volcanic ash. Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz got a call 10 days ago from Karl Rove, President Bush's chief political adviser, dispatching him to a big rally here in support of Israel. The White House was stung by criticism from conservative Republicans over its policies toward Israel. Four US troops were killed in a mine blast in the southeastern Afghan province of Logar on Saturday morning, the US military said. "We want as many black South Africans as feasibly possible, most of whom have never owned shares before, to become shareholders." Failed online grocer Webvan Group Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Friday, setting the stage for the sale of its remaining assets. Tanzania and America have agreed to strengthen cooperation in the field of civil engineering in the years to come, the independent Sunday Observer newspaper reported.
t681 A 13-year-old German boy escaped from a home for delinquents and drove 800 kilometers (500 miles) in a stolen car before police tracked him down thanks to his large footprints in the snow, police said here Sunday. Potential Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich has promoted public policy positions that closely track the financial interests of companies that underwrite a think tank he founded. The body of Poland's first lady Maria Kaczynska, killed in an air crash with President Lech Kaczynski and other state officials, has been identified and will be brought home Tuesday, an aide said Monday. One by one, they stepped from the dugout and sought him out. First, Boston Red Sox manager Grady Little, then shortstop Nomar Garciaparra and outfielder Trot Nixon and a long list of others who had played or worked for Jimy Williams the last five years. From Spain to Ukraine via Hungary and now Italy, US President George W. Bush's European allies in Iraq are starting to thin out as they withdraw, or announce plans to withdraw, their troops. Live Earth, the confederacy of musicians who performed Saturday on all seven continents to highlight the issues of global climate change, featured superstars such as Madonna and the Police entertaining crowds in packed stadiums, but also parka-wearing scientists at an Antarctic research station whose audience included wandering penguins. Two Palestinians were killed by Israeli soldiers as they tried to plant a bomb along a West Bank road, Palestinian officials said, and an Israeli motorist was injured lightly when Palestinian gunmen shot at his car Sunday. Beijing Mayor Liu Qi met today with Thierry Breton, chairman of the French Thomson Group, and said Beijing is seeking more cooperation with foreign companies in broader fields.
t4438 Representatives of more than 40 donor countries on Wednesday pledged some 700 million dollars in in aid to Cambodia to fund its reconstruction from 13 years of civil war, at the end of a two-day meeting, official sources said. A preliminary investigation into a plane crash that killed 114 people last month in Cameroon has not revealed evidence of mechanical failure, Cameroon authorities said in a statement posted on a government Web site Friday. Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore defused two crudely made bombs on Sunday, a senior officer said, a day after explosions outside a cricket stadium injured eight people. For the Yankees, the shock value of Shea Hillenbrand's winning home run off Mariano Rivera probably will wear off long before they step back in time and take a train back to New York Monday night, a mode of transportation typical of Ruth and Rizzuto, not Jeter and Giambi Three people were killed and two injured early on Wednesday in an explosion at a shopping centre near Lebanon's port of Jounie, north of Beirut, private television station LBC reported. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with Martha M. Hamilton, a former Post financial reporter and editor, and Joe Nagengast, president and founder of Turnstone Advisory Group. For more than 20 years, Nagengast has consulted clients on institutional investing, fiduciary compliance, and retirement plans and policies. Major drug makers spend nearly twice as much to advertise their medicines than to research and develop them, says a consumer group that blames aggressive marketing for soaring drug prices. The Shenzhen B-share index edged 0.48 points or 0.40 percent to end at 119.70 after the close bell Friday, coming off its intradday high of 120.08 points.
t8131 The man accused of masterminding the 1993 bombing of New York's World Trade Center (WTC) may have carried out a similar attack in Iran last year that killed 25, a police report said. U.S. authorities were trying to find out Thursday who stored 2,000 pounds (907 kilograms) of marijuana in a warehouse that caught fire. Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Saturday he was "upping the tempo" with just under two weeks to go before the May 6 general election in which he is battling to avoid being kicked out of office. Ruth Handler, creator of the Barbie doll, one of the world's best-selling toys and one that became an icon of American popular culture, an artistic muse and a lightning rod of feminist politics, died on Saturday at a hospital in Los Angeles, where she lived. She was 85. Chinese automaker Shanghai Automotive backed out of a proposed tie-up with troubled MG Rover on concerns about the British carmaker's parent company and caution about China's auto market, reports and analysts said Friday. After a seven-year absence from the runway, designer Randolph Duke, known for form-fitting evening gowns, red-carpet clientele and an explosive temper, has chosen the opening night of L.A. fashion week to mount his catwalk comeback. Two astronauts hooked up three of four gas tanks on the international space station's new entryway early Wednesday despite a brief shutdown of a computer critical to the job. The United States will continue its current policy towards the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), no mater who becomes the next U.S. president.
t4854 There is consensus within the United Nations that Japan should become a permament member of its security council (UNSC), UN General Assembly president Amara Essy said here Thursday. With Hamas forces threatening his life, 49-year-old Abdel Salam Abu Nada took a harrowing journey to safety, dodging Hamas checkpoints, braving Israeli tank fire and crawling 300 meters to Gaza's border with Israel. Four years after travelling to study in Europe and five days after setting off on their long-awaited return home, a Pakistani family is marooned by volcanic ash in a gym outside Paris. At least four American soldiers were killed and one injured in the Afghan desert outside Kandahar on Monday in an accidental explosion while the troops were disposing of rockets seized during the war, officials said. President Robert Mugabe's ruling ZANU-PF party is expected to win a landslide victory in next week's parliamentary elections in Zimbabwe, garnering as many as 83 of the 120 contested seats, a survey said Wednesday. Two specially trained Labrador retrievers named Lucky and Flo have been instrumental in recent months in sniffing out nearly 2 million counterfeit DVDs in Southeast Asia. Sebastien Grosjean of France advanced to the third round of the $600,000 Gstaad Open, edging Nicolas Lapentti of Ecuador 4-6, 6-4, 7-6 (2) on Wednesday. A U.S. federal court in Miami Monday rejected a Republican lawsuit and refused to stop hand recounts of presidential votes in some counties in Florida.
t5556 Hundreds of thousands of mourners turned out for the funeral of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's last surviving son Ahmad who was buried next to the founder of the Islamic republic Saturday amid chaotic scenes. Two government-ordered reports cleared Dutch military interrogators Monday of torturing detainees in Iraq in 2003, though they kept prisoners awake with loud noise and cold water. South Africa's ruling party said Tuesday the leader of its youth wing Julius Malema will face disciplinary proceedings over recent remarks that have stoked racial tensions. Mick Moloney, ``Far From the Shamrock Shore,'' Shanachie Records: Singer/songwriter/historian Moloney leads an all-star cast through a selection of both well-known and more obscure songs of Irish immigration. While his vocals and banjo or guitar are the main draw, the contributions of such stalwarts as fiddler Eileen Ivers, accordionist Sinn Fein, the political wing of the banned Irish Republican Army (IRA), collected nearly 760,000 dollars (585,000 euros) from US supporters in the 12 months until November, a newspaper reported Thursday. Chrysler hired Press to run its sales and marketing operation on Thursday, luring him away from Toyota Motor Corp., where had had headed North American operations for more than a year. The Senate, in a signal of support for President Bush's energy development plans, rejected an attempt Thursday to delay oil and gas drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. Harris, a Republican, said that Bush got 2,910,492 votes while Gore 2,910,192 votes, a difference of 300 votes out of nearly 6 million ballots in the sunshine state.
t3971 Sierra Leone rebels said on Tuesday they still plan to free a group of kidnapped foreigners "within a few days" despite the last-minute calling off of a planned hand-over date. Child sex abuse is rampant among Aborigines in remote northern Australia, a government report released Friday concluded, blaming widespread drunkenness and the degradation of traditional societies as among the root causes. Australian Mark Webber was left a frustrated second behind his junior Red Bull team-mate German Sebastian Vettel again on Saturday -- but said he was happy enough with his efforts. Two young girls were killed and 13 adults, including nine firefighters, were injured Thursday night in a three-alarm fire in the East Bronx, the authorities said. Fire engulfed a two-story frame house and spread to the house next door, fire officials said. The Israeli army on Tuesday opened the main checkpoint outside the northern West Bank town of Tulkarem, signalling a long-awaited transfer of security to Palestinian forces in the area. The U.S. Naval Academy's new superintendent announced Friday stricter rules for midshipmen, declaring that students at the Annapolis military academy need to spend more time preparing for war and less time on distracting extracurricular activities. The Carolina Hurricanes acquired Aaron Ward from the Detroit Red Wings on Monday for a future second-round draft choice, filling a need for a right-handed shooting defenseman. President Jiang Zemin met the delegates of the Fourth National Conference on People's Air Defense at the Great Hall of the People Wednesday.
t8540 Petitions bearing some 22,000 signatures were delivered to the Israeli Embassy here Monday demanding the release of Mordechai Vanunu, jailed in Israel for giving nuclear secrets to the British press. Sporadic gunfire and explosions were heard Friday from a Palestinian refugee camp in northern Lebanon, indicating that a month-long battle between the army and the militants holed up inside the camp was not over despite an official's declaration to the contrary. The purpose-built clay court for the Australia-Japan Davis Cup tie in Brisbane will be in top condition for next month's clash, construction company officials said on Sunday. Antinuclear campaigners plan to announce on Tuesday that a new study shows that infant death rates downwind of eight American nuclear power plants dropped significantly after they were shut down. The outbreak of the deadly Marburg virus in Angola is worse than Ebola, a UN disease expert said Friday, as the world body launched an urgent appeal for funds to fight the fever which has claimed 180 lives. Don't get stuck serving the same vegetables prepared the same way night after night. Here are three variations on the broccoli theme. Broccoli rabe should always be blanched before sauteing, or braising; broccoli should be steamed, microwaved or sauteed only to the point where it is bright green and The nation's largest airlines reported massive second-quarter losses on Wednesday, blaming their troubles on the high costs of labor and fuel and reduced spending by business travelers. The private French banking group, Lazard, chose U.S. ambassador to Germany, John C. Kornblum, on Thursday to be the new chief of its German branch starting January 15, 2001, Agence France-Presse reported.
t4161 The US National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) said Tuesday it will issue an unfair labor practice complaint against baseball owners, a move that could prompt players to end their seven-month-old strike. "Atonement," the film adaptation of Ian McEwan's best-selling novel, will open this year's edition of the Venice Film Festival, organizers said Friday. Criticism of Sudan's multi-party elections by foreign observers including former US president Jimmy Carter has encouraged the opposition, but also damages the credibility of the former rebels ruling the south, where an independence referendum is due next year. Gates is one of 30 witnesses that Microsoft attorneys said they might call in the effort to convince a federal judge to reject a more stringent settlement of the historic antitrust case than the one company signed last year with the Justice Department and a group of states. Prince Rainier of Monaco, who has been in hospital since March 7 with a lung ailment, has been taken to the intensive care unit after taking a turn for the worse, the palace said Tuesday. Military prosecutors dropped two charges against Army Lt. Col. Steven L. Jordan Monday, hours before his court-martial for allegedly abusing detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq was set to begin at Fort Meade. Red mud filled thousands of homes and kept drivers stuck on mountain roads Monday after flash floods washed through the narrow valleys of southern West Virginia's depressed coal country, carrying off mobile homes and forcing residents to their rooftops. Annan, in a report issued here Thursday, said that some 750,000 people in Somalia are "highly vulnerable" following three consecutive years of drought. The report projects several scenarios for future needs depending on the political situation and the harvest.
t9741 Malawi's parliament Thursday voted to approve the setting up of the office of second vice-president, created last year for Chakufwa Chihana, the leader of the opposition Alliance for Democracy (Aford). Ken Griffey Jr. capped his Seattle homecoming with two home runs, passing Mark McGwire for seventh place on the major league career list in the Cincinnati Reds' 3-2 loss to the Mariners on Sunday. Robotic underwater vessels raced Monday to stave off an environmental disaster by stopping 42,000 gallons of oil a day from streaming into the Gulf of Mexico from a sunken rig. A February shooting spree in which a 16-year-old boy is accused of killing six people in two South Jersey towns was motivated by an argument with a neighbor, prosecutors said Friday. Croatian hospital doctors went on strike Monday demanding an increase in their wages and better working conditions, their trade union said. On average, 8- to 12-year-olds play 13 hours of video games each week. For boys, the average is 16 hours; for girls, 10 hours. Kids were asked what, if any, rules their parents have about video-gaming. Percent responding yes: A judge refused to block the merger of Wachovia Corp. and First Union Corp., rejecting in Friday's ruling a request by rival suitor SunTrust Banks Inc. Japanese Foreign Minister Yohei Kono on Wednesday ruled out a proposed 30 percent reduction in Japan's official development assistance (ODA) to developing countries in the fiscal 2001 budget, while agreeing on the need to review the foreign aid.
t1467 Greece threatened Tuesday to reimpose its veto on a customs union between Turkey and the European Union, as a long-running bilateral dispute over Cyprus was reignited a day after the historic deal was signed. All soldiers returning from Iraq or Afghanistan who seek treatment at Veterans Affairs hospitals are being screened for brain injuries and post-traumatic stress disorder, VA Secretary Jim Nicholson said Monday. At least nine people died in attacks by Islamic militants on a strife-torn southern Philippine island on Tuesday, the military said. Next fall, the University of Maryland will hang its first national championship banner in a brand-new basketball arena because of some old players. They call them seniors _ an increasingly rare breed in an age when high school athletes go from the prom to the pros and underclassmen speed European capitals reacted coolly Thursday to the nomination of Paul Wolfowitz, the US deputy defence secretary, to be the next head of the World Bank, but aid groups voiced dismay and some puzzlement. At the end of another tough day of wrangling with government officials, James May sat, tie askew, in his big, brown leather chair and sighed. ``A lot of people shoot at you,'' he said. ``To cope, you need a good hard shell.'' Commercial hunters abetted by wars and logging companies are a grave threat to chimpanzees across central Africa, renowned chimp conservationist Jane Goodall said Tuesday. Bulgarian President Peter Stoyanov announced on Wednesday that the Southeast European Cooperation Process (SEECP) summit offers a second historic chance for the Balkans after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
t2150 South Korean President Kim Young-Sam Thursday called for closer economic ties with Britain as a means of forging a trade bridge between Asia and the European Union. Ex-premier Ehud Barak has won the Labor Party primary over relative newcomer Ami Ayalon, party officials from both camps said late Tuesday, in a race between two ex-military officers who both called on Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to step down. A storm in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal has killed 31 people and destroyed 50,000 homes, a state minister told AFP on Wednesday. Singing whales sound like rumbling cows on a cattle drive in a western movie. Or maybe dogs yelping. It probably depends on your frame of reference. A listener in Zimbabwe was reminded of rhinos. US and coalition force levels in Iraq ought to decline over time as Iraqi security forces become more capable but they will "bulge" during key election periods later this year, US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Friday. William Shakespeare's ``Macbeth'' receives a contemporary-dress adaptation from Australia that streamlines the stage play, primarily by shearing it of the subtlety of themes and characterization and reducing it to a series of bloody plot points. Director Geoffrey Wright (``Romper Stomper'') and his co-screenwriter, Victoria Hill (who also stars as As most of the nation celebrated America's 225th birthday on Wednesday with parades, fireworks and barbecues, thousands of immigrants marked Independence Day by embracing their new home. More deaths were reported from southern districts on Sunday, raising the toll to 26 from Saturday 's cyclone that wrought havoc not only in coastal belt but also in the country's interior part, The Bangladesh Observer reported here Monday.
t7587 The Turkish army is using armoured cars and other weapons supplied by Germany in its offensive into northern Iraq against Kurdish separatist fighters, a German military expert said Friday. Fidel Castro paid tribute on Wednesday to his late sister-in-law, guerrilla warrior and women's rights pioneer Vilma Espin Guillois, writing that she "never backed down from any danger" and that her example is "more necessary than ever." A top Russian lawmaker on Friday urged the full declassification of all files connected to the massacre of thousands of Polish officers at Katyn Forest by Soviet secret police in 1940. The testimony by Condit capped off a three-day trial airing dissident shareholder Walter Hewlett's legal challenge to the merger vote. Condit was one of only two witnesses Hewlett-Packard trotted out to counter Hewlett's claim that company managers misled investors about the benefits of a deal. New Zealand share prices closed 0.68 per cent lower Tuesday, dragged down by a profit warning from number two stock Carter Holt, dealers said. A suicide bomber dressed as a soldier boarded an Afghan National Army bus in Kabul early Saturday and detonated his explosives, killing at least 30 people and injuring 29, Afghan security officials said. After fierce criticism from Jewish groups, Taiwan's ruling party said Tuesday it will halt television ads aimed at drumming up youth involvement that included an image of Adolf Hitler. The South African government will address any concerns of traditional leaders ahead of the local government elections scheduled for December 5, Deputy President Jacob Zuma said on Saturday.
t8098 King Hussein will stress the need for economic aid to the Middle East to shore up peace and crack down on militants when he meets US President Bill Clinton during a visit to Washington starting Monday. A top U.S. military commander met with Turkmenistan's new president for talks on regional security, counterterrorism operations and drug trafficking, state-run media reported Thursday. Ryan Giggs scored two penalties as reigning champions Manchester United returned to the top of the English Premier League with a 3-1 win over Tottenham Hotspur at Old Trafford on Saturday. Her face is hauntingly normal. With an olive complexion, bright brown eyes and red lipstick, 18-year-old Ayat Akhras looks like just another teenager. Australian share prices are tipped to stage a modest rally next week after sharp losses in recent weeks, dealers said. For years at the drug store , consumers e ither could show up with a doctor's prescription or settle for less powerful medications sold over the counter. Austrians who bought arable land in Hungary, circumventing the land registry authority and laws that prevent foreigners from buying farmland, will lose their land and money, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said Wednesday. With the Everbright Bank of China setting up Tuesday morning a branch in this capital of Zhejiang Province, east China, all the 13 major commercial of the country have opened their business in Hangzhou.
t6067 Finland's Social Democratic Party was searching Monday for allies to form a majority government and make good on their pledge to bring down high unemployment after winning general elections. Vilma Espin Guillois, the wife of acting President Raul Castro and one of the communist nation's most politically powerful women, died Monday, the Cuban government announced. She was 77. Dutch winger Arjen Robben's strike sealed Bayern Munich's 1-0 victory over Lyon on Wednesday to give the German giants an advantage for the second-leg of the Champions League semi-final. A Brooklyn jury has ordered a $1.25 million verdict against a man who lied while cooperating with federal investigators, in what lawyers are calling the first successful civil case brought against an informer who falsely implicated someone else to avoid going to prison. An Iraqi army general from Basra and his son were killed in a a drive-by shooting Friday in southeastern Baghdad, an interior ministry official said. This year's Emmy ceremonies appear poised to serve as a farewell bash for the iconic mobster and a triumphant coda to "The Sopranos," showered with 15 nominations for its final season. The Pentagon is designing a missile defense test program that would allow some of its elements, such as ground-based interceptors or airborne lasers, to be used in combat within a few years. Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga has warned ministers, deputy ministers and senior officials of major infrastructure ministries that she will not tolerate inefficiency and those inefficient officials will be removed.
t8831 Britain's leading textile group Coats Viyella has sold "substantially all" of its yarns and fabrics, and textured jersey operations to a management-led team for 89.4 million pounds (143.04 million dollars), Coats announced on Tuesday. Oil settled back above $69 a barrel and gasoline futures also rose Friday on concerns about Iran's nuclear capabilities and on news that talks to end a general strike in Nigeria had failed. The Hungarian central bank cut borrowing costs to a new record low on Monday, just a day after the centre-right opposition won an historic two-thirds majority in the general election. The landlord of an Manhattan apartment building who was convicted of fatally shooting a tenant, then stepping over the dying woman to tend to his building's trash, was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison Tuesday, after mumbling to a judge that he was ``sorry about what happened Jim Gray, a former leader of a major Protestant paramilitary group in Northern Ireland, appeared in court Saturday on charges of money laundering. Voter approval of the Republican-led Virginia legislature has plunged over the past seven years, and fewer people now see the state as headed in the right direction, according to a new Washington Post poll. Nevertheless, Democrats lack clear advantages on key issues, limiting their hopes of regaining control of A portrait by Andy Warhol of Vladimir Lenin has been stolen from a warehouse in the German city of Cologne. Lijiang City, cited as "Shangri- La" in James Hilton's portrayal, is now a booming tourist site attracting 2.1 million tourists from home and abroad last year.
t6354 A Briton and a Burmese man were given lengthy jail terms by a Philippines court on Tuesday for heroin smuggling. Hundreds of terrified Gazans fleeing Hamas rule were trapped at a main crossing with Israel on Tuesday, hoping to gain permission to pass through Israeli territory to sanctuary in the West Bank. US aerospace giant Boeing on Wednesday announced a drop in 2010 first quarter profits of 519 million dollars on slower deliveries. In the Devils' 2-1 loss in overtime last Friday night, Brian Gionta made the mistake that led to Carolina's winning goal. When he hurriedly failed to clear the puck from the Devils' end of the rink, Bates Battaglia scored for Carolina and the Devils were down, 2-0, in their Two US soldiers died in a car bombing in Baghdad on Saturday, a day after a US marine was killed in action in Al-Anbar west of the capital, the US military said. To understand how the housing bust may ripple through the broader American economy, look beyond the countless for-sale signs that dot this middle-class city. Instead, stop by Boater's Landing, where salespeople sit idle, hoping someone will once again want to buy a boat. Troops were deployed in a northeastern state Friday after widespread violence rocked its capital city, where police are striking for higher pay. A middle school has been set up in the Tajik Autonomous County of Taxkorgan, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
t8149 Fears of a huge influx of Poles into Germany with the dismantling of border controls between seven European Union countries proved unfounded early Sunday as officials reported no upsurge in traffic flows between the two countries. Stocks lurched higher after a back-and-forth session Thursday as investors apparently set aside some interest rate concerns and took a dose of upbeat economic data at face value. King Albert II, who is mulling Prime Minister Yves Leterme's offer to quit, on Saturday asked Belgium's finance minister to launch urgent talks between feuding francophone and Flemish parties. Above a gathering of protesters at City Hall Plaza who were rallying Sunday against what they say is near inaction by the United States in the face of the global AIDS pandemic, a sign with a bent black line held by Justin Yarrow told the story of his generation's The three-hour ceremony for the funeral of Pope John Paul II Friday closely followed the instructions left by the pontiff himself in 1998. You've seen the trailers for "Elizabeth: The Golden Age" with Cate Blanchett in full Joan of Arc fetish gear, right? The gleaming, form-flattering armor that Elizabeth I flaunted on the eve of England's famous destruction of the Spanish Armada? Extra Israeli soldiers, tanks and military vehicles took up new positions Wednesday in the West Bank, searching vehicles and beefing up their presence around Palestinian towns as tension and violence escalate. The remains of an ancient volcano near the shore of Zhangzhou were recently chosen to be a National Geological Park of China.
t1614 US youth sports coaches are becoming concerned that children are trying to duplicate sports heroes by taunting opponents and forgetting any measure of sportsmanship. U.S. forces mistakenly killed seven Afghan police and wounded four in an apparent friendly fire incident early Tuesday in eastern Afghanistan, Afghan officials said. The United States Wednesday was "ready to assist" China after a massive earthquake that killed over 550 people in its northwestern Qinghai province, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said. ``We laughed, we cried, we made Jesse Jackson happy,'' is the answering-machine message forBruce Vilanch, maestro of one-liners, ``Hollywood Squares'' regular and head writer for the Oscars, which is the subject of that message. ``It's a reference back to 1996, when Jesse organized a protest at the show,'' he Italy's Reform Minister Roberto Calderoli, a member of the federalist Northern League party, announced his resignation from the government Thursday accusing his coalition partners of "sabotaging" his party's efforts to grant more powers to Italy's regions. Iranian state television aired a documentary Wednesday using comments by detained Iranian-American scholars to make a case that Washington was plotting to foment a ``velvet revolution'' in the country. Iraq's deputy ambassador to the United Nations and another senior diplomat in the mission have requested asylum in the United States for themselves and their families, diplomatic and police sources confirmed Tuesday. Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Hidenao Nakagawa resigned Friday after coming under heavy fire over his alleged involvement with a right-wing extremist and an extramarital affair.
t5376 Jonathan Bradley, 36, who was adopted and raised as an orthodox Jew but learned at 28 that his father was an Arab, on Friday lost a court battle to have his adoption nullified so he can move to Kuwait. Unheralded Guadeloupe made two early goals stand up for a surprising 2-1 victory over Honduras in the quarterfinals of the CONCACAF Gold Cup on Sunday in front of 70,092 fans at Reliant Stadium. Estonia reopened its airspace at 11:00 pm (2000 GMT) Tuesday, its civil aviation authority said, as countries across Europe eased restrictions sparked by a cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland. Arctic Power, an organization formed to lobby for oil and gas exploration in the Alaska wilderness, sent Inupiat Eskimos to the offices of senators on Wednesday to emphasize the importance of economic development to native Alaskans. China has agreed to deliver more electricity to northern Vietnam, an official said on Thursday, amid dangers of future power shortfalls in the country. He calls it the Sanctuary but it is, in fact, HIS sanctuary, a quirky small retreat of stone and plaster, blessed by the bishop of London and laid out as four semicircles attached to a cube in adherence to sacred geometric principles. The bowed wooden door has no lock Employees at an emergency shelter have physically abused hundreds of foster children in an effort to intimidate and control them, a lawsuit alleges. Leah Rabin, a leading Mideast peace advocate and widow of late Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, was laid to rest Wednesday afternoon by the side of her slain husband at the Herzl cemetery in West Jerusalem.
t3838 Deputy finance ministers of the Group of Seven (G7) countries met discreetly in Paris early on Tuesday to discuss the outlook in the light of the dollar's plunge against the mark and the yen last week, US sources said. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, safe in his office in the West Bank, declared a state of emergency and fired the Hamas-led government, as Hamas forces in Gaza overran Abbas' Fatah security installations in Gaza, taking control of the overcrowded, poverty-stricken territory. Paul Scholes's 93rd minute winner settled an otherwise lacklustre Manchester derby at Eastlands here on Saturday as Manchester United's 1-0 victory kept alive their dream of a fourth successive English Premier League title. Ed Regis is the author of ``The Biology of Doom: The History of America's Secret Germ Warfare Project'' and other books about science. By ED REGIS c.2002 New York Times News Service A man in China killed nine relatives including his wife and parents-in-law before surrendering to police, state media reported Tuesday. Max Roach, dazzling drummer who helped create the rhythmic language of modern jazz while expanding the expressive possibilities of the drums, died Aug. 15 in New York. He was 83 and had been ill for several years. A court on Monday ruled that Gen. Augusto Pinochet cannot be tried on human rights charges because of the former dictator's deteriorating health. PARIS, November 6 (Xinhua) -- Top seed Gustavo Kuerten knocked Andre Pavel of Romania out of first-round contention at the Lyon Grand Prix 7-6 (7/5), 6-4 on Monday.
t8901 Six gold panners died after a landslide buried them at their workplace in East Kalimantan, Indonesia, the Antara news agency said here Tuesday. Wall Street ended a volatile week with a sharp decline Friday as investors again succumbed to nervousness about souring subprime loans and rising oil prices. The Dow Jones industrial average fell more than 185 points. Polish opposition leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski announced Monday that he would run in June's contest to become president in succession to his identical twin after his death in an air crash in Russia. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it Juventus coach Fabio Capello said fighting spirit was in his team's blood after they came from behind three times to earn a 3-3 draw away to Fiorentina. Twenty-two varieties of beaked whales roam the seas, feeding on bottom-dwelling squid and small fish on the dark ocean floor. Shy and seldom seen by man, they are among the least understood large creatures on Earth. The Associated Press, relying on information from police, erroneously reported on July 14 and July 16 that the victims killed in a boating accident off the coast of Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, included Dorothy Farnman, 32, of California. Mexico's president-elect Vicente Fox met here Thursday with visiting Chinese Minister of Science and Technology Zhu Lilan, who is the special envoy of Chinese President Jiang Zemin.
t3909 English football's best-known goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar was arrested by detectives on Tuesday at his home at Lymington, Hampshire, in connection with a match-fixing inquiry involving Far East betting syndicates. Former Liberian President Charles Taylor is believed to have substantial financial assets despite his demand that the court prosecuting him for war crimes cover his legal costs because he is indigent, U.N. investigators said in a report. Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Saturday appointed a new chief for the insurgency-hit nation's election commission after top officials stepped down over fraud allegations, a spokesman said. Despite a sharp drop in revenue that is forcing cuts in spending, state governments are reducing enforcement of their tax laws, allowing billions of dollars in taxes to go unpaid. A former university lecturer who was suspected of a role in the 2002 Bali bombings has been released from detention in Malaysia, an official said Tuesday. The problem-plagued effort to rescue six miners trapped in a Utah coal mine suffered its most grave setback Thursday night, when a seismic shudder sent rock tumbling onto rescue workers, killing two and injuring seven, authorities said. Bulldozers leveled 14 Palestinian homes under construction Monday in one of Israel's biggest demolition operations in years, provoking tears and stone-throwing at a refugee camp on the northern edge of Jerusalem. China will adopt stricter measures to protect arable land, stressed Tian Fengshan, minister of land and resources Wednesday at a seminar in Nanjing, capital of east China's Jiangsu Province.
t8645 The United Nations still has several disputes with Iraq over its weapons of mass destruction, UN disarmament chief Rolf Ekeus said here Monday. Kurdish leaders have agreed with the Iraqi government on a draft revenue sharing bill, clearing one of many hurdles to passage of U.S.-backed legislation aimed at the fair distribution of Iraq's oil riches. Many key sticking points are unresolved. A South Korean climber will on Tuesday make a much-anticipated push to the summit of Annapurna, the final hurdle in her quest to become the first woman to scale the world's 14 highest peaks. Raising the bar. Put your face on chocolate, rather than chocolate on your face. Thanks to technology, just about anything from a photo to a logo can be transferred to chocolate these days. At www.trendychocolate.com,the idea is pitched for Mother's Day, but graduations and other occasions would be just Several hundred protesters pelted the Japanese embassy in China's capital Beijing with bottles and cans Saturday in a protest against Japan's handling of its wartime past. Where does funny come from? Maybe it comes from a living room at 549 East Park Ave. in Long Beach on Long Island. It is a Sunday afternoon, many years ago. There's been a huge meal -- scary big, Jewish mother big -- and now the furniture is covered Air force helicopters carried flood victims to safety Wednesday after flooding in eastern India left at least 32 people dead and stranded tens of thousands, officials said. Namibian President Sam Nujoma concluded his three-day official visit to the Domestic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) and left Pyongyang Thursday morning.
t5762 President Burhanuddin Rabbani's forces smashed through Taliban lines on Sunday to drive the Islamic student army out of one of their main bases and inflict a second stunning defeat in a week. An 11-year-old boy was attacked and killed by a black bear as he slept in a tent with his family, police said. A strong showing on Wall Street as well as bargain-buying helped most Asian stock markets bounce back Tuesday from the previous day's big losses. Right fielder Tim Salmon was benched for Thursday's game against the Oakland A's as the Anaheim Angels grow increasingly concerned about his struggles. A vaccine tested in the West African state of Gambia could save the lives of hundreds of thousands of poor children at risk from the pneumococcal bacterium, according to a study published on Saturday in The Lancet. What's a thoroughly postmodern gay to do when one of the iconic heroines of '70s television is relaunched on a network that eagerly embraces an actor who gets dumped from his hit show on another network after proving himself all too comfortable with a certain homophobic slur? The dollar was mixed against most major currencies Thursday, as traders tried to assess the effect of wavering confidence in emerging markets around the world. Fifteen Ugandan pilots have begun training in Israel on flying the Russian-built Mig-21 fighter planes, the New Vision newspaper reported on Thursday.
t5151 Israel has begun moving Palestinian prisoners out of the prison at Jenin to prepare for autonomy in the West Bank town, relatives of the detainees said Friday. Lebanese television says three rockets fired at Israel came from Lebanese village of Taibeh, does not say who fired them. Somalia's Islamist armed group the Shebab has subjected people in the south of the country to killings, cruel punishments, and repressive social control, a rights group said Monday. Catherine Stefani knows she won't get much comfort Thursday when the FBI plays the tape of the last moments of hijacked United Airlines Flight 93. The son of former China Construction Bank (CCB) chairman Zhang Enzhao may have fled Hong Kong in the wake of a mainland corruption investigation into his father, a press report said Thursday. Labor Secretary Elaine Chao will spend her holiday morning Monday making the television rounds, discussing Labor Day and the American workforce. Later Monday, Chao's department will release an annual report on major trends in the American labor market. Attorney General John Ashcroft said the Justice Department is working to forge new tools to combat terrorism on domestic soil _ a threat he calls the agency's top priority. American and Filipino defense officials will hold their final talk next month in the United States to wrap up their recommendation on the type of military hardware the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) will get, a senior official said Tuesday.
t6528 Mad: Madagascar, Mar: Morocco, Mas: Malaysia, Maw: Malawi, Mol: Moldova, Mdv: Maldives, Mex: Mexico,Mgl: Mongolia, Mkd: Macedonia, Mol: Moldova, Mli: Mali, Mlt: Malta, Mol: Moldova, Mon: Monaco, Moz: Mozambique, Mri: Mauritius, Mtn: Mauritania, Nam: Namibia, Nca: Nicaragua, Ned: Netherlands, Nep: Nepal, Ngr: Nigeria, Nig: Niger, Nor: Norway, Nzl: New A Royal Caribbean International cruise ship resumed its voyage to Puerto Rico on Tuesday as Coast Guard crews searched for a passenger reported missing a day earlier. Fiat's board of directors on Wednesday formally named John Elkann, the grandson of historic boss Gianni Agnelli, to the chairmanship of the auto giant, the group said in a statement. To reach Studio 17, the sound stage that's home to ``Will &AMP; Grace,'' a visitor talks to the guard at the gate, who offers matter-of-fact instructions to take ``Gunsmoke'' to ``My Three Sons'' and then hang a right. James Callaghan, who died Saturday on the eve of his 93rd birthday, was the only British politician in modern times to hold all four great offices of state, serving at the Treasury and the home and foreign offices before succeeding to the premiership. Race and poverty aren't subjects Americans like to talk about. They're too loaded, too uncomfortable. But they are also too important to brush under the rug at a time when immigration issues loom large and there is greater disparity than ever between rich and poor. When Jermaine awoke to the sound of gunshots he knew exactly what to do _ grab his weapon and return fire. Exports of Thai spices are expected to reach 1.65 billion baht (38 million U.S. dollars) this year, reflecting a promising prospect for the Thai products in the international market, Thai Farmers' Bank Research Center said in a report Monday.
t9979 The Chinese sports authorities have banned nine coaches, including five from the country's swimming squad, for drug taking, officials said Friday. Reflecting further housing troubles, sales of existing homes in the United States fell in May to the lowest level in four years while the median home price dropped for a record 10th consecutive month. Spain's benchmark Ibex-35 share index closed down 2.99 percent Wednesday after ratings agency Standard &amp; Poor's cut the country's credit rating and warned it could face another downgrade. It's hard to watch Peter Kosminsky's ``Innocents'' without thinking about that old riddle: What do you call the person who finished last in class at medical school? Doctor. Jonny Wilkinson has said he's ready to fight for a place on the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand but admitted he had "questions to answer in terms of fitness and performance". The comments put in stark terms the ethnic factionalism in Iraq's Shiite-led Interior Ministry, which has been dogged by allegations of harboring Shiite Muslim militiamen and committing human-rights violations including torture. U.S. officials are rarely so openly critical of the agencies they are nominally partnering with to try and NEW YORK (AP)_ The planned reunion of all original members of The Jackson Five at Michael Jackson's 30th-anniversary concert may be in doubt. Former National Basketball Association guard Sedale Threatt was sentenced to six months in prison Wednesday for failing to pay child support. .
t1475 Sinn Fein, the political wing of the Irish Republican Army, could take full part in peace talks after showing substantial progress towards disarming, Northern Ireland Secretary Sir Patrick Mayhew said here Tuesday. China won all 10 games and overwhelmed Thailand 5-0 in 2 1/2 hours on Monday to open defense of its Sudirman Cup title at the Scotstoun International Sports Arena. The Al Qaeda-linked Abu Sayyaf Muslim extremist group was behind attacks in the southern Philippines that claimed nine lives, the region's military chief said Tuesday. A former project manager for the city's School Construction Authority was charged with stealing two lion statues from a Brooklyn school and putting them in front of his house in New Jersey, while three other managers were charged with demanding and accepting more than $35,000 in bribes from a The European Union reiterated its concern Thursday about a surge in Chinese textile exports after the end of an international quota regime, warning the EU can act to protect European manufacturers if necessary. Ignacia Lopez has high hopes for her seventh season here on this tendril of marsh and sand along the Chesapeake Bay. An American on the brink of death has received the first self-contained, mechanical heart replacement in a landmark experimental operation. China's leading foreign trade port Shanghai, which deals with one fifth of the country's export and import products, handled 79.5 billion U.S. dollars worth of goods in the first three quarters of the year, up 49.6 percent on a yearly basis.
t4109 Attorney General Janet Reno has asked for a special prosecutor to be named to investigate whether Housing Secretary Henry Cisneros lied to FBI agents about payments to an ex-lover. Turkey's president on Friday called for a referendum on whether the people - instead of Parliament -- should elect the new president. Britain's former prime minister Tony Blair's plans for general election campaigning could be disrupted as he is stranded in Jerusalem, his spokesman said Sunday. WASHINGTON - Republicans, chafing under the Senate leadership of Democrat Tom Daschle, charged Friday that the South Dakotan is deliberately obstructing major legislation. Popular resentment is mounting among the poor and marginalised communities of Nigeria's oil-rich Niger Delta and may erupt in violence if government does not act, local leaders warned this week. Steve Johnson scans the hot, translucent sky. He wants to make rain -- needs to make rain -- for the parched farms and desperate hydro companies in this California valley. But first, he must have clouds. The listless sky offers no hint of clouds. Marion Jones broke swiftly and won the 100-meter dash at the Nikaia Grand Prix on Monday though a swirling wind kept her from posting a fast time. Iran and Armenia expressed opposition on Wednesday to foreign presence and interference in the region and called for cooperation of regional countries to maintain security and stability.
t9358 Burundi's prime minister on Wednesday unveiled a diplomatic and military plan aimed at pulling his tiny central African nation back from the brink of civil war. Hundreds of protesters demonstrated outside a beachfront resort where the president of Vietnam hosted an evening reception with business leaders. Ratings agency Standard &amp; Poor's downgraded Portugal's sovereign debt by two notches on Tuesday and said the outlook was negative due to the country's fiscal and economic weaknesses. Halfway through ``ABC Africa,'' Abbas Kiarostami's new documentary, the screen goes dark. It is midnight, and the power has been turned off in the Ugandan city of Masaka, leaving the director and members of his small crew, who had been filming a cloud of mosquitoes, with no illumination. And The digitally-savvy Asian audiovisual powerhouses will be the focus of attention at this week's influential global TV trade fair "MIPTV featuring MILIA" that opens its doors here Monday. Killings for a cell phone, a few dollars or old household goods barely rate headlines, but the shooting Thursday night of Dube, 43, one of Africa's most renowned musicians, in front of his teenaged son and daughter horrified South Africans from President Thabo Mbeki down. Indonesia's President Abdurrahman Wahid will not go ahead with his threat to declare a state of emergency on Friday, his top security minister said. Sandra Baldwin was elected as president of the U.S. Olympic Committee (USOC) on Sunday, becoming the first woman leader after a 106-year run of 21 men in the presidency.
t4431 Prague's English-language radio station 'Metropolis' will be forced to shut down this month because of financial difficulties, sources at the station said Wednesday. Virgilijus Alekna broke the stadium record with a winning throw of 70.51 meters in the men's discus Friday at the Bislett Games, the opening meet in the Golden League. Romania on Sunday reopened its airspace for transiting overflights, though no plane will be allowed to land or take off, Prime Minister Emil Boc said. If you were to take a poll of players in the Eastern Conference who are about to begin the postseason, you'd find few who would hope to face the New Jersey Devils in the opening round. Japan's trade surplus in February fell 21.7 percent from a year earlier to 1.09 trillion yen (10.5 billion dollars), the finance ministry said Wednesday. The Iraqi government is likely to become even more precarious over the next six months, even though President Bush's decision to send more troops has delivered "measurable" improvements in security, U.S. intelligence agencies concluded in an assessment of the situation in Iraq released Thursday . Chinese officials are saying all the right things leading up to the vote for the host city of the 2008 Summer Games. A key witnesses, Professor Anatoly Babkin of Moscow's Bauman Technical University, came out Friday at the Moscow City Court to give evidence in the espionage case of U.S. national Edmond Pope.
t2043 Millions of people voted Thursday in the eastern Indian state of Orissa in the latest in a series of provincial elections widely seen as a referendum on Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao. Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on Tuesday proposed stationing international forces along the Gaza Strip's volatile border with Egypt to prevent arms from reaching Palestinian militants. Liang Wenchong is targeting a third OneAsia title in his homeland as he seeks to become only the third Chinese winner of the China Open which starts on Thursday. As the sordid saga of the infamous Dartmouth murders ended in court Thursday, everyone, from relatives and friends of the victims and their killers to townspeople touched by the slayings, struggled to find the best words. Four people were injured Friday when a Northwest Airlines jumbo jet hit air turbulence while approaching Tokyo's Narita airport on a flight from the western Pacific island of Saipan, officials said. Top-notch interns -- or, as they are called within their subculture, ``summer associates'' -- are benefiting from the competition for their services at Washington's premier law firms. In farewell interviews, outgoing U.S. Ambassador Martin Indyk blamed both Israelis and Palestinians for undermining Mideast peace efforts and said he does not expect a comprehensive political settlement soon. Russian President Vladimir Putin said here on Monday that his country is ready to help the European Union (EU) win its independence in long-term energy supply.
t2981 Ivan Pedroso of Cuba won the men's long jump with a championship record of 8.51m, defeating Mattias Sunneborn of Sweden (8.20) and Erick Walder of the United States (8.14). Americans brushed off rising gasoline prices and stormed the malls in May, pushing up retail sales by the largest amount in more than a year. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev arrived here Wednesday on the first visit by a Russian head of state to Argentina, touting Moscow's drive to expand its presence and influence in Latin America. Kansas City homicide detectives Monday began investigating the case of a driver who died after an 8-pound trailer-hitch ball was thrown through his truck's windshield by another driver. At least four Iraqi policemen were killed and two wounded when gunmen on Sunday attacked a police station in Baquba, northeast of Baghdad, police said. Iran's leading reformist newspaper was temporarily banned again Monday for publishing an interview with an exiled Iranian poet known for her poems explicitly exploring female sexuality. Two employees of the company that manufactures the prescription painkiller OxyContin have been accused of possessing the drug with the intent to distribute it. China is willing to see a more active role by the EU in international affairs, especially in pushing for a multipolarized world, Jiang noted.
t7654 Vietnam's rising inflation rate looks set to dominate discussion of the government's performance at next week's session of the country's National Assembly, an official said Friday. Michelle Snow had 21 points and Tina Thompson added 20 to lead the Houston Comets to their first win of the season, 74-64 over the Los Angeles Sparks on Wednesday. Thailand's army chief believes that the use of force is no solution to the kingdom's political crisis, his spokesman said Friday amid fears a crackdown on anti-government protests was being planned. In 1924, a group of celebrities took a cruise on newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst's yacht, to celebrate movie producer Thomas Ince's birthday. The cruise resulted in one death, many changed lives and a long-lasting urban legend. German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder sent his country's condolences to Indonesia on Tuesday after an earthquake off its northwest coast killed at least 400 people. Ecuador's new left-leaning president, Rafael Correa, studied economics in the United States, but the U.S. way of governing does not seem to have rubbed off on him. He appears set on following the example set by Venezuelan President Hugo Ch vez. Last week Correa sat down with Newsweek-Washington Post's Harvey Pitt, President Bush's nominee to head the Securities and Exchange Commission, amassed more than $3 million last year as a lawyer representing a wide range of clients in the financial world. At least three people have been killed and three others injured in clashes between the Ugandan People's Defense Forces (UPDF) and rebels of the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) in the western Ugandan district of Kabarole.
t97 Three Singapore government investigators arrived Friday in Frankurt to submit an extradition request for Barings trader Nick Leeson, accused of driving Britain's oldest bank into receivership, immigration officials said. A patched-up Atlantis blasted off with seven astronauts on the first space shuttle flight of 2007, putting NASA back on track after a run of bad luck and scandal that included a damaging hailstorm and a lurid love triangle. Pentagon chief Robert Gates and top US diplomat Hillary Clinton on Sunday defended Afghan President Hamid Karzai as a valuable partner, despite tensions over his outspoken comments. A review of documents released this week by the Energy Department showed that several recommendations from energy industry representatives were written into the White House's national energy report and into an executive order signed by President Bush. Estonia was plunged into its third government crisis in four months on Tuesday, as political parties traded punches over a controversial anti-graft plan put forward by the justice minister. Moshe Katsav was expected to step down as Israel's president after agreeing Thursday to plead guilty to sexual harassment to avoid more serious charges that he raped female staffers. The Philadelphia Phillies were three outs away from sweeping a doubleheader to move back into first place in the NL East, and the loudest yells at Veterans Stadium came from the beer vendors. China will initiate its program of studying the makeup of the genome single nucleotide polymorphism sequence (SNP) of Chinese nation at the end of this year, a senior scholar announced today.
t7104 Russia's military intervention in Chechnya has encouraged other former Soviet states to settle their internal problems by force of arms, and "big brother" in Moscow has not so far batted an eyelid. The man widely believed to be leading the new Hamas rulers of the Gaza Strip said Wednesday that his group wants to maintain calm in the area, but will not be the "protector" of the Israeli border. An Irish bishop whose resignation was accepted by the pope Thursday over the cover-up of clerical abuse of children in Dublin apologised and said he should have challenged the culture of secrecy. Thyme is fine with the couple, of course. And so is time, which is precisely what they've been devoting to the creation of a successful lavender farm in the Texas Hill Country. Three years after starting Hill Country Lavender in Blanco, 50 miles west of Austin, Kendrick and Ralston Two children were killed and one injured on Monday when an object they were playing with exploded in the Somali capital, hospital officials said. Prime Minister Gordon Brown delivered an hour-long, nationally televised speech Monday on issues from maternity leave to Darfur, but his policy proposals were largely overshadowed by speculation about whether he will call a snap general election in the coming weeks. Katharine Graham, who helped build The Washington Post into one of the nation's leading newspapers and won a Pulitzer for her autobiography, was in critical condition following surgery after tumbling on a walkway. A satellite TV broadcasting system covering the whole world and a satellite TV education system covering the whole country have been established, according to the policy paper.
t9818 Austria's Thomas Muster will play Magnus Larsson in the opening singles of the Davis Cup quarter-final clash against champions Sweden here Friday, while Alexander Antonitsch has been pencilled in to play the second singles for the visitors against Stefan Edberg. A chartered plane flying Monday between two popular tourist destinations in Cambodia has crashed, with at least 20 people on board feared killed, an aviation official said. Oscar-nominated screenwriter Furio Scarpelli, who penned cinema classics including "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", has died aged 90, Italian media said Wednesday. Stung by international criticism of the referendum last week that gave him five more years in power, Pakistan's leader, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, invited foreign correspondents to his presidential palace Saturday to explain and defend his actions. South Africa were 398 all out off 158.0 overs early on the fourth day of the fourth Test against the West Indies at the Queen's Park Oval here on Monday, a first innings lead of 51 runs. It's hard to match the sheer emotional heft and beauty of Spike Lee's mournfully majestic 2006 documentary about Hurricane Katrina, "When the Levees Broke: A Requiem in Four Acts." And at first blush, "Desert Bayou," a documentary directed by Alex LeMay, tries to do just that, treading all-too-familiar ground: For a few weeks, Ricky Craven has had a deal in the works to renew his contract with PPI Motorsports. He held up on the announcement until Friday, when he drove in front of area fans in qualifying for the New England 300. The world's leading net equipment producer Cisco Systems Inc. from the United States will work in cooperation with Tibet University to train net management personnel for the Tibet Autonomous Region in Southwest China.
t8003 Crucial and highly-sensitive negotiations for the supply of new nuclear reactors to North Korea to curb a suspected atomic weapons capability got under way in Berlin Saturday between the isolated, communist regime and the United States. Egypt moved forcefully Thursday to isolate Hamas, calling a regional summit next week including the Israelis and Palestinians and shunning contacts with the militant group after its takeover of Gaza. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad warned Saturday the US leader would "suffer more" if new sanctions are imposed on Iran over its nuclear drive, as he sought Uganda's help to block UN action. In the end, the Devils couldn't score even one goal. In their own rink. In a game they had to win. And with Saturday's 1-0 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes, they're suddenly out of the Stanley Cup playoffs. A group of Hong Kong activists took to the streets Friday in protest against Japan's decision this week to authorise nationalist-written school history textbooks. This is the ninth in KidsPost's series of stories about career choices that await you. (Others included an astronaut, a firefighter and an animal caretaker.) Pressured by tumbling chip prices, South Korea's Hynix Semiconductor Inc. said Wednesday it has decided to suspend chip production for six months at its plant in Eugene, Ore. LONDON, November 26 (Xinhua) - Arsenal suffered another blow on Sunday when a deflected Olivier Dacourt free kick condemned them to a 1-0 defeat at Leeds United in the English premier league.
t8818 Russian President Boris Yeltsin called for a UN decision by 2000 to eliminate the world's nuclear arsenals, as his foreign minister was due here Tuesday to discuss the Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). Israeli troops shot and killed a Palestinian at a West Bank roadblock near the city of Hebron, Palestinian medics said. Police were Monday investigating an armed man who pulled up to a North Carolina airport in a car with police-style lights and sirens as President Barack Obama boarded Air Force One there. The fight over the future of Hewlett-Packard _ one of the most costly and acrimonious proxy contests in corporate history _ appeared to have all but ended on Tuesday, after a Delaware court dismissed a suit by Walter B. Hewlett. OPEC's president said on Saturday there was no need for an imminent output increase after oil prices eased, but he believed the market would still impose a proposed rise of 500,000 barrels per day (bpd) in May. For months, neighboring Iran and Turkey have been engaged in low-intensity warfare against Kurdish separatists from the two countries who have established camps in Kurdistan. This week, lawmakers in Ankara, Turkey, raised the stakes, threatening to authorize a military invasion of Iraq to crush Kurdish rebels responsible for attacks Nepal's prime minister resigned Thursday, beset by a Maoist insurgency, a bribery scandal and recriminations over a massacre that wiped out much of the royal family. Passport holders of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) has been granted visa- free access to visiting Yemen for a stay of up to 30 days, a government spokesman said here Friday.
t789 Two British charities Sunday attacked the basic tenets of development aid to the Third World and to children, on the eve of the opening of the UN development summit in Copenhagen. Israeli political and military leaders pledged Sunday to keep up the pressure on Gaza after a cross-border raid by Palestinian militants, a failed attempt to capture a soldier. Gunshots and a blast were heard Monday in the Afghan city of Kandahar, close to where four civilians were killed earlier by NATO troops, an AFP reporter and an official said. For years, conservationists and green-minded scientists dedicated to saving wild Atlantic salmon have sifted through predictions of juicy tomatoes the size of beach balls and chickens consisting entirely of white meat, looking for some shred of evidence that genetic engineering is not merely an upbeat, artfully disguised and cheerfully President Vladimir Putin made his pitch to visiting Olympics officials on Wednesday to choose Moscow as host of the 2012 games, arguing that Ruse cities competing to be awarded the 2012 summer games, and has spent the week touring existing and proposed Olympic venues and hearing presentations on various As the Senate began a new debate Monday on the war in Iraq, the White House brushed off calls from a growing chorus of Republican lawmakers to change course in the more than 4-year-old conflict. The idea of dropping the ``North'' from North Dakota's name has drawn plenty of attention _ not all of it favorable. About 20,000 people from urban poor groups, people's organizations, non-governmental organizations and civic groups gathered here Tuesday to express their support for President Joseph Estrada and their protest against what they say are moves to destabilize the government.
t5043 Bomb experts Thursday defused a device believed to contain the plastic explosive Semtex in a hardware store near the Irish border, a spokesman said. Pope Benedict XVI began a pilgrimage to this hill town Sunday to mark the 800th anniversary of the conversion of St. Francis from the life of a medieval playboy into a man who stripped away his worldly wealth to serve God. Air France-KLM said on Monday that the disruption to services caused by a vast cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland was costing it 35 million euros (47 million dollars) per day. Jean-Marie Messier, chief executive of the media conglomerate Vivendi Universal, fired the head of the company's money-losing pay television unit on Tuesday, as investor pressure mounts for Messier to shore up Vivendi's depressed share price. French police on Thursday arrested two suspected members of armed Basque separatist group ETA near the Spanish border, one a leading figure in the organisation, Spanish interior ministry sources said. Lead Dixie Chick singer Natalie Maines and her husband, actor Adrian Pasdar , in Los Angeles for a meeting last month, went home with an unplanned souvenir from the city of angels: a $5.6-million home in Brentwood that they will call home. The nation's biggest retailer, Wal-Mart, is offering to cash the new federal tax rebate checks for free. The check-cashers won't even have to buy anything at its stores. Israeli forces are imposing a closure on areas under full Palestinian control (Area A) Monday night in response to the Palestinian shootings at Israelis in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
t8568 France has urged Iraqi authorities to free two US citizens jailed there for illegally crossing the Iraq-Kuwait border, an official said Monday. A lone democracy advocate in a cage launched a protest against Thailand's military-backed government on Friday, saying he would remain in front of Parliament until coup leaders reinstate the constitution. Managing expectations has become a priority for Afghanistan's weary Western partners as the corrupt, impoverished and war-torn country moves towards parliamentary elections later this year. There's something about the Kentucky Derby. To the great sportswriter David Alexander, the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. To William Faulkner, the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. To John Steinbeck, it England's 18 counties are set to be given cash incentives for developing and picking homegrown players in a bid to reduce the numbers of overseas professionals within the domestic game. Voting along party lines, the House Judiciary and Intelligence committees approved a bill that would give a special surveillance court more power to monitor a spying program that Bush secretly authorized after the Sept. 11 attacks. Two defectors from Belarus have told U.S. officials that a death squad created by President Alexander Lukashenko's government was responsible for the disappearance of four prominent opposition figures over the past two years in Belarus, the State Department said Wednesday. TOKYO, November 30 (Xinhua) -- Japanese World Boxing Association lightweight champion Takanori Hatakeyama will fight American Rick Roberts here on February 17, according to his manager on Thursday.
t948 South Korea's Hyundai Group signed a deal Monday with Malaysian International Shipping Corp. Bhd. (MISC) to build two tankers at 40 million US dollars each to boost palm oil shipments. At least 25 people were killed Monday in mudslides triggered by a heavy monsoon downpour in a hilly southeastern Bangladesh port city, rescue officials said. The Nigerian government aims to ensure women get 30 percent of key political positions of responsibility, up from current eight percent, Women's Affairs Minister Josephine Anenih said Tuesday. Calling Yasser Arafat ``the enemy of the entire free world,'' Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday declared Israel to be in a war. He spoke after a suicide bomber blew himself apart in a restaurant in the seaside city of Haifa, Israel, killing at least 14 other people, while Jewish extremists are plotting to take over a disputed holy site in Jerusalem in a bid to sabotage Israel's planned withdrawal from Gaza, an Israeli television station reported Wednesday. In a rocky, dun landscape dominated by saguaro and prickly pear, the estuary of the San Jose River is an oasis-like explosion of green. A Muslim separatist group said Monday it was looking into an unconfirmed report that its rebels saw members of the extremist Abu Sayyaf moving hostages, including an American the abductors say they beheaded. International Labour Organization (ILO) will spend about 14 million U.S. dollars in Bangladesh during the next two to three years to eliminate worst forms of child labour from the country, the New Nation reported Tuesday.
t2020 Israeli leaders see the hand of Syria behind Oman's reluctance to launch diplomatic relations with the Jewish state, a newspaper reported Thursday. A drafter of stalled Iraqi legislation to set ground rules for the country's oil policy said Tuesday "there is no sign of a compromise" that would lead to final approval by the parliament. The OPEC oil producers' cartel held steady on Wednesday its forecast for modest growth in world oil demand this year, noting uncertainty about the pace of global economic recovery. Chinese authorities on Thursday paraded out three severely scarred former practitioners of the banned Falun Gong spiritual movement to express their regret for having set themselves on fire last year on Beijing's Tiananmen Square _ the latest salvo in the mounting propaganda war between the government and Falun Gong, Ferrari expect their new car to shoot them ahead of their rivals and may introduce it at the next race in Bahrain, technical director Ross Brawn said here Friday. My friend talks rapidly on the phone. Her husband has just been diagnosed with a rare skin cancer. It is a second marriage for both, a good marriage. But suddenly they've started to bicker. This is not like them. The change is scary. What is happening here? A man who wrote in his journal about sexually abusing and torturing children has been sentenced to 10 years in prison, even though the stories were fictitious. "It's not a problem. The no-fly zones are aimed against military flights," a Reuters report quoted a British Foreign Office spokesman as saying.
t852 South Korea's opposition lawmakers barricaded themselves in the National Assembly building here Monday to prevent the ruling camp from tampering with rules for crucial local elections in June, politicians said. "Spring Awakening," a pounding post-rock musical of teenage sexual anxiety, took several top prizes Sunday as the 2007 Tony Awards got under way at Radio City Music Hall. A top judge from Moscow's city court who presided over a high-profile racist gang murder case was shot dead Monday inside his apartment building in the Russian capital, news agencies said. It is pilot season for network television, the time when new shows are paraded before executives who will announce in May the five to 10 that will appear on each network next season. Iraq's nascent democracy entered a new phase Wednesday with the opening of a new 275-member national assembly but politicians failed to form a unity government ahead of the historic session. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a report last month noting that the number of adults without health insurance increased by 2 million from 2005 to 2006. Given this and other news, we believe this is a good time for a reality check on health-care reform. A grenade believed to have been a relic of Yemen's 1994 civil war exploded and killed a boy after he tried to pick it up, police said Sunday. Rapid Bucharest named former international Mircea Rednic as coach today to replace Anghel Iordanescu who quit last weekend after a run of poor results.
t6351 Half of all US banks and thrifts could close by 2000 because of stiff competition in the financial sector, according to a study by an international accounting and consulting firm released here on Monday. A truck bomb struck a Shiite mosque Tuesday in central Baghdad, killing 75 people and wounding more than 200, even as about 10,000 U.S. soldiers northeast of the capital used heavily armored Stryker and Bradley fighting vehicles to battle their way into an al-Qaida sanctuary. English cricket chiefs breathed a sigh of relief Wednesday after it was confirmed that their World Twenty20 squad will be able to fly directly to the West Indies this weekend. Byron Scott kept his Nets behind closed doors for an extended practice session on Saturday. Is this an early sign that the New Jersey juggernaut is reeling? Japan's World Cup squad returned home Saturday after a shock 2-1 loss to Iran overnight with coach Zico under fire for gambling too much on out-of-form Fiorentina midfielder Hidetoshi Nakata. An Iranian arms shipment destined for the Taliban was intercepted Sept. 6 by the international force in Afghanistan in what appears to be an escalating flow of weaponry between the two former enemies, according to officials from countries in the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force. The head of the World Bank urged the government Friday to use its rebounding economy to combat the spread of AIDS and tuberculosis. About 90 percent of the tannery workers in Bangladesh's capital Dhaka died before they reached the age of 50 because of the unhygienic conditions they were in, a survey report available here Sunday said.
t827 The Spanish peseta has been devalued seven percent and the Portuguese escudo 3.5 percent within the European Monetary System, Spanish treasury director Manuel Conthe said here early Monday after a 10-hour emergency meeting of the European Union monetary committee. South Africa's Conrad Stoltz and Jamie Whitmore of California won their respective pro divisions Sunday at the Xterra Southeast triathlon championship at Oak Mountain State Park. Polish President Lech Kaczynski will be laid to rest Saturday, a week after he died in an air crash in Russia along with his wife and dozens of top officials, a newspaper reported Monday. Rankings reflect sales for the week ending March 23 at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide. A team of experts in Britain was investigating Wednesday how a convicted killer with mental problems and a lust for cannibalism was able to butcher another two people, including a friend whose brain he cooked and ate. When it comes to sacrificing to help the environment, IKEA shoppers are like everybody else: conflicted. Even if what they're sacrificing is a nickel. Jason Johnson pitched seven strong innings and Fernando Lunar had a career-high three RBIs as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 11-3 Sunday. Ashrayan (Shelter Project), a unique move of the Bangladesh government, is infusing hopes into the frustrated life of thousands of roofless rural people, giving them homes and a small credit to start afresh in their effort to get a better life.
t8593 A Saudi aid committee has given the PLO 3.7 million riyals (one million dollars) raised through a five-percent tax on the salaries of Palestinians working in the kingdom and contributions, it said Monday. A consortium of banks led by Royal Bank of Scotland PLC will formally submit its planned euro71.1 billion (US$95.5 billion) bid for the Netherlands' ABN Amro Holding NV in mid-July, the group said Friday. Tornadoes tore through the southern US state of Mississippi Saturday, killing at least nine people, injuring nearly two dozen and destroying homes, officials said. From New England, the frontier moved rapidly westward, as fast as land could be cleared and towns settled, bearing an untamed spirit with it. A few areas remained, however, where fortune seekers and men down on their luck, dreamers and drifters, could start a new life _ or flee Indonesia hopes to sign a peace deal ending three decades of conflict with separatists in Aceh province in July, its vice president said in an interview published here on Saturday. Releasing crash test results for six midsize SUVs, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety also is panning the Chevrolet TrailBlazer for "marginal" performance in an institute test that simulates being struck in the side by a truck such as a pickup or SUV traveling 31 mph. An unusual out-of-state blood drive is under way in northern Florida after a shark attack on an 8-year-old boy left the region desperate for the uncommon O-negative blood. Shenzhen, one of the earliest special economic zones in south China's Guangdong Province, is building a special protection zone for birds in the city's urban area.
t8352 Japan and the United States resumed talks Monday on opening Japan's automobile market with a US "target" date of March 31 approaching. Russian chess champion and opposition leader Garry Kasparov said that despite polls showing strong support for Russian President Vladimir Putin there is slowly growing public anger at the leader as the country heads into its election season. With polls pointing to a hung parliament after Britain's May 6 election, the leader of likely kingmakers the Liberal Democrats warned Sunday he will not prop up a wounded Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The woman made two sharp motions with her right hand, like a prizefighter showing off his jab, to demonstrate how she burned her son with an iron. Thirteen people were killed late Thursday by armed Islamic militants who had mounted a phoney road block near Larbaa, about 30 kilometres (20 miles) south of the capital, security sources told AFP. Mario R. Capecchi, 70, of the University of Utah; Oliver Smithies, 82, of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; and Martin J. Evans, 66, of Cardiff University in Wales will share the $1.54-million prize for work that the Nobel committee said "has revolutionized life science and plays President Bush went to Europe on Wednesday with deepened resolve to pursue his policies on missile defense and global warming _ while playing down equally deep concerns those policies struck among European allies. The 2000 Annual Review Meeting between the Hong Kong Customs and Excise Department and the Customs General Administration of China was held in Hong Kong from November 27 to 29.
t1863 Quebec health officials attempted Wednesday to allay concerns over an outbreak of the flesh-eating disease that has claimed four lives, stating that the ailment had not reached epidemic proportions. Small businesses in Latin America will get help obtaining financing to grow through a new U.S. sponsored program that will work with banks to open up new credit opportunities for entrepreneurs, Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said Tuesday. International news agencies locked in a TV rights row with Cannes film festival organisers announced a boycott Wednesday of one of the cinema world's key events -- the list of movies selected to screen at the filmfest. By 5 a.m. most days, bleary-eyed fishermen pile out of cars with New Jersey and Connecticut license plates in Green Harbor parking lots. In groups of six, they board charter boats and stake out a position with rod and reel. Funds raised so far to help rebuild four of the countries worst affected by the Indian Ocean tsunami disaster fall short by 4.22 billion dollars, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) said Friday. President Bush and his top Cabinet secretaries are scaling back their personal diplomacy around the world to focus more intently on Iraq and the rest of the Middle East as the administration concentrates energy on top priorities for the president's last 18 months in office. Motorists drive by Willie Clark's house with one hand on the wheel. They use the other to point out the patriotic paint job. Israel's state-run airline, El Al, is expected to end the year 2000 with losses estimated at 70 million U.S. dollars, following a sharp drop in the number of passengers to and from Israel due to the security situation in the region.
t7852 Pete Sampras and Andre Agassi, the world's top two tennis players, lined up another showdown here Friday when they reached the final of the 4.1-million-dollar Lipton championships. There are many ways to lose an America's Cup race: a tactical error, clumsy boat handling, equipment breakage, bad luck and more. It is being billed as the ultimate trek, a thigh-busting 157-day walk over the spine of Nepal's mighty Himalayan range that will take its participants to some of the most remote spots on the planet. In the 40-year history of girl groups, from the shimmery, shivery harmonies of the early '60s to the skin-flaunting, hip-wagging grrl power of today, three women from Atlanta called TLC found themselves _ astonishingly _ near the top of a venerable rock 'n' roll tradition. A blast in Islamic Cairo on Thursday killed at least two people -- a US national and French citizen -- in the latest of a series of attacks over the past decade against foreigners in the country. Pakistan's government is losing its war against emboldened insurgent forces, giving al-Qaida and the Taliban more territory in which to operate and allowing the groups to plot increasingly ambitious attacks, according to Pakistani and Western security officials. Bank One Corp. continued its rebound, posting its second-straight profitable quarter, while Wells Fargo &amp; Co. and KeyCorp both reported second-quarter losses Tuesday. Greece Monday condemned northern Cyprus and Turkey for their decision to withdraw from the U.N.-sponsored proximity talks seeking a solution to the protracted Cyprus problem.
t9333 Hamburg's state prosecutor called for a 33-month jail sentence on Wednesday for Gunther Parche, the man who stabbed tennis star Monica Seles in the back two years ago.n New Zealand's Scott Dixon earned his first pole of the season Saturday in qualifying for the inaugural Iowa Corn Indy 250. A new breakaway party in Botswana which formed after a split with President Ian Khama's ruling Democratic Party aims to "revamp and restore" democracy in the country, its spokesman said Tuesday. Michael Peca, caption of the New York Islanders, has already gone on a fact-finding mission about what it is like to recover from reconstructive knee surgery. Sete Gibernau, whose hopes of a Spanish Grand Prix victory were ended by a controversial last bend collision with world champion Valentino Rossi, has vowed to battle back in Portugal next weekend. A Polish immigrant hamburger salesman might complain -- as if! -- or someone's grandma would tell the offending group of hoodlums to knock it off, if she dared. These days, Big Brother does the job. A South African Internet tycoon is training for space flight in hopes of becoming the second paid tourist to ride into orbit, Russian officials and a spokesman for the multimillionaire said Thursday. In anticipation of a contraction in United States' economic growth next year, Thailand is seeking to increase exports to the new markets such as the Middle East and other Southeast Asian nations, local TV channel reported Monday.
t4007 A blazing row between Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini and Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi over the future of the Zulu monarchy on Tuesday landed up in court. Police in central China on Friday were hunting a brick kiln foreman who allegedly employed slave laborers, while a top official was dispatched to lead an investigation into the abuses. Elections just held in Sudan "struggled to meet international standards," EU vote monitoring chief Veronique de Keyser told a news conference in Khartoum on Saturday. An abandoned Montana copper mine turned Superfund site. A landfill on the blighted south side of Chicago. The site of a defunct Texas cement company. Kyrgyz President Askar Akayev on Tuesday ruled out imposing a state of emergency amid opposition-led unrest sparked by a disputed parliamentary election, Interfax reported. Next month, Gen. David Petraeus, commander of U.S. forces in Iraq, and Ambassador Ryan Crocker will report to Congress on the situation in my country. I expect that the testimony of these two good men will be qualified and nuanced, as politics requires. I also expect that their assessment AOL Time Warner reached into its magazine division on Monday to name Time Inc. second-in-command Walter Isaacson as the new chief executive overseeing CNN and its related networks. Green mountains, clear water and strangely shaped limestone formations constitute the spirit of the Lijiang River in Guilin, China's tourist mecca, in south China. Now, the local government is trying to add greenery along the river valleys.
t5751 The Israeli army and its proxy South Lebanon Army (SLA) militia on Sunday shelled a guerrilla unit near the Jewish state's "security zone" in south Lebanon, the SLA said. The man who created the Backstreet Boys and 'N Sync has agreed to be returned to the United States from Guam to face a federal bankruptcy charge, officials said Monday. Greece's finance minister insisted Tuesday that the debt-hit country's economy would not be "left hanging" next month as it can call on funds from an EU-IMF backup loan mechanism if needed. Physicians worry that a 5.4-percent cut in Medicare payments this year will limit the availability of health care for elderly Texans, but Medicare officials say the cut is needed to help comply with the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick will leave next week on a whirlwind tour of 14 European capitals in his first trip abroad in his new post, officials said here Thursday. Col 1: Feature on a professor struggling with schizophrenia moving at a later date with art. Cols 2-5: There are different prisms through which Anbar province's metamorphosis can be viewed. (with art) (IRAQ-ANBAR, moving Monday.) Col 6: Regional college story. Below the fold: Cols 3-5: Local story on fast Kimberly-Clark Corp., the maker of Kleenex tissues and Huggies diapers, said Thursday that higher energy costs and weak foreign currencies will cause its second-quarter operating earnings to fall six cents per share to 81 cents per share. The leaders welcomed the substantial progress that has been made over the past years in the WTO accession negotiations for China and urged rapid completion of these negotiations so that China can join it as soon as possible, according to the Leaders' Declaration issued at the end of their
t5528 A woman injured by a petrol bomb attack during a demonstration in Istanbul's Alawite Moslem district of Gazi died from her injuries Saturday, hospital sources said. Hong Kong stocks rose to a record close Monday amid flush liquidity and a strong performance by China Mobile and Chinese financial stocks. Women's world golf number one Lorena Ochoa of Mexico announced Tuesday on her website that she will retire from the sport in which she has topped the world rankings for the past three years. After I won the 1997 Masters with a record score of 270, 18 under par, I wasted no time before celebrating. I partied with my buddies, traveled a little and generally had a great time. Kyrgyz veteran leader Askar Akayev has resigned, a top opposition leader was quoted as saying Thursday by the RIA Novosti news agency. Saad Eddine el-Othmani, the head of an Islamic party expected to triumph in Morocco's parliamentary elections Friday, mentions the economy and economic development seven times in the course of a 20-minute conversation. He mentions Islam only once, in passing. Federal authorities have opened an initial criminal inquiry into whether Rep. Gary Condit obstructed justice or encouraged perjury in the investigation of Chandra Levy's disappearance, law enforcement officials said Thursday. Chinese President Jiang Zemin encouraged developing members of the Asian- Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) on Wednesday to intensify efforts for attracting and utilizing foreign capital and technology.
t5100 July 24 Men's individual pursuit qualifying and quarterfinal, women's and men's 200 meter sprint qualifying, men's 1 kilometer time trial final 10 a.m. Here is a list of the members of the Palestinian emergency Cabinet, sworn in Sunday by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. Rerouted flights are starting to arrive in Marseille airport, bringing hundreds of French passengers home after they were stranded abroad for several days by volcanic ash. The Chelsea Hotel, where director Ethan Hawke's film ``Chelsea Walls'' was both filmed and set, has housed a veritable who's who of national and international artistic talent. Built in New York in 1884 as a co-operative apartment, the Chelsea has been a hotel since 1905. Its guests or long-term The search for a motive consumed grieving families and FBI agents Wednesday, after 16-year-old Jeff Weise carried out the worst US school shooting in six years leaving 10 dead, including the young gunman. Col 1: A first-person account on the rebuilding of New Orleans moving at a later date with art. Cols 2-5: Feature from Alaska, mines vs. fish, moving at a later date with art. Col 6: Hoping to calm turbulence in the financial markets, President Bush and Federal Reserve Chairman All-Star game television ratings, shares and households, including network. The rating represents the percentage of television households tuned to a program. The share is the percentage tuned in among televisions on at the time (d-day game): During a series of unannounced weapons inspections of law enforcement facilities beginning last Sunday, the International Police Task Force (IPTF) found more than 250 undeclared weapons at the police building in the Bosnian town of Livno, including 204 AK- 47 assault rifles, 27 Uzi machine-guns, 15 M-72 and 6
t8127 A Solomon Islands cabinet minister who lost his memory in a car accident is likely to lose his post, Solomons Broadcasting reported Sunday. Defense Secretary Robert Gates promised Thursday to speed up changes to the u.S. military's much-criticized mental health system, declaring "this is something that we can, must and will get fixed." The Iraqi government said on Saturday that an offer by radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr to help boost security at strategic sites was unnecessary, in the wake of anti-Shiite attacks in Baghdad. Joseph A. Cafasso knows people _ retired admirals, generals, government officials. More to the point, he has said, he knows his way around the netherworld of counterintelligence through contacts he built during a sterling career as a lieutenant colonel in the Special Forces. European stock markets rose in early trading Friday, as sentiment was lifted by a solid performance on Wall Street amid falling oil prices, dealers said. In the latest of a long series of decisions that serve to increase the wealth and influence of those at the top of the bureaucracy while reducing the accessibility of California State University to the students it was designed to serve, the Cal State Board of Trustees last week Scattered showers and thunderstorms moved Wednesday across the Great Lakes region and parts of the northern Plains, while sunny skies prevailed over much of the rest of the country. Han Zhubin, procurator-general of the Supreme People's Procuratorate (SPP) of China met here Tuesday with Garnyk Mykola, the first deputy procurator-general of Judiciary of Ukraine, and his party.
t2490 Two Tanzanian soldiers serving in the African peacekeeping force in Liberia were killed and three others hurt in a car crash, Minister of State for Defence Abdulrahman Kinana said Friday. Fierce battles over key security positions spread to central Gaza early Wednesday, with Hamas fighters wresting control of the coastal strip's main north-south road -- and putting themselves in position to cut off reinforcements to beleaguered Fatah forces. Scandinavian airline SAS cancelled 635 flights, or almost three quarters of its daily air traffic, on Thursday because of ash from a volcano eruption in Iceland, a company spokeswoman said. "So far, we have cancelled 635 flights out of 870 daily. The ones flying were mostly in Denmark and Ferocious fighting raged here and elsewhere on the West Bank on Saturday as Israel pressed its wide-ranging offensive against Palestinian cities despite President Bush's call for a withdrawal. Less than a fortnight after being crowned the first "Indian Idol", 23-year-old Abhijeet Sawant is a hunted man -- scores of parents are chasing after him with proposals to marry their daughters. Q: My daughter and I are heading to Istanbul for winter break. Do you have suggestions for things to do that would appeal both to a middle-aged mom and a teenager? Sales, 4 p.m. price and net change of the 15 most active New York Stock Exchange issues, trading nationally at more than $1. Philippine Interior Secretary Alfredo Lim assured the public Wednesday that there will be no whitewash of his probe on mansions allegedly owned by President Joseph Estrada.
t3217 British Prime Minister John Major held talks Sunday with his Israeli counterpart Yitzhak Rabin after predicting that the two countries were embarked on a period of great friendship. Chinese stocks fell Thursday after top leaders called for tightened monetary policy to help cool economic growth following the release of stronger-than-expected data for inflation and industrial production. Liverpool's new chairman Martin Broughton insists there is no pressure to sell Fernando Torres and Steven Gerrard even if the Reds fail to qualify for the Champions League. As UCLA athletic director Pete Dalis watched football practice last week, he remarked how different the search for his successor is from when he got the job. In 1983, then-chancellor Charles Young formed a one-man search committee -- himself -- and appointed the school's little-known recreation director as the New Zealand share prices closed 0.37 percent higher in light trade Monday, with number two stocks Contact Energy providing much of the upward impetus, dealers said. Current administration policy is replete with examples of quickly enacted efforts whose consequences led to the opposite effect. (Beware of what you wish for . ...) With Congress caving last week, the National Security Agency no longer needs a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) warrant to wiretap if one Jackie Stiles scored 21 points as the Portland Fire snapped a two-game losing streak with a 69-58 victory over the Washington Mystics on Friday night. Argentina's Minister of the Economy Jose Luis Machinea said Friday that it is important to pay foreign debts, otherwise, there is no access to credit, the media report said here.
t4944 British pharmaceutical giant Glaxo said Thursday its takeover bid for rival Wellcome was now fully unconditional after obtaining approval of US anti-trust authorities. Annika Sorenstam edged top-ranked Lorena Ochoa on Saturday in a $15,000 (euro11,250)-a-hold skins competition at the oceanside Tres Vidas course, taking home $165,000 (euro123,900). An IMF team arrived in Greece on Monday for talks on a debt rescue scheme as doubts over how the government will pay bills in the next few weeks pushed its borrowing rates to penal levels. Thanks to a couple of readers, Sherry Lapides is in luck. In response to her request for a tortilla soup like the one served at the Crocodile Cafe (Pasadena, Burbank and Glendale, Calif.), Monica Neighbors sent along the first recipe from a chef at the cafe that she clipped The European Commission rejected as unacceptable on Wednesday proposals by US software giant Microsoft concerning application of competition measures the commission imposed in March 2004. The Keep Reading Foundation is accepting used books in good condition to send to Sri Lanka. For information, e-mail keepread@aol.com. People in poor neighborhoods are more likely than those in well-to-do areas to have heart attacks, even when individual differences in income, education and occupation are taken into account, researchers say. Australian stocks slipped into negative territory in afternoon trading to close lower on Monday with banking and key resources stocks attracting the sellers.
t358 The exhumed remains of the heir to the Russian tsars, Prince Cyril, and those of his wife Victoria left here Friday for Saint Petersburg where they are to be reinterred with state honours, local authorities said. Palestinian gunmen broke through Israel's heavily-fortified Gaza border and battled troops inside Israel for about two hours Saturday, in an abortive attempt to abduct an Israeli soldier in which one of the raiders was killed but the military said no soldiers were harmed. Russia and the United States were Tuesday set to sign a new deal to eliminate excess weapon-grade plutonium from their defense programs, the US State Department said Monday. Fireproofing, sprinkler systems and the water supply for hoses all largely failed in the twin towers on Sept. 11 in the face of a blaze so intense that it drove temperatures as high as 2,000 degrees and generated heat equivalent to the energy output of a nuclear power plant, Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific is holding talks about a merger with mainland national carrier Air China in a deal which would give the two airlines unrivalled coverage of one of the world's fastest growing aviation markets, a report said Wednesday. I was going to write about the grisly death of the Senate immigration bill, but there was other news that was just as senseless and inane: Paris mania. New York Mets catcher Mike Piazza broke a bone in his left big toe Friday night and will be out at least a week. Thailand's gross domestic product (GDP) is likely to fall short of growth projections of 4.5 to 5.5 percent this year due mainly to lower production, the Bank of Thailand's (BOT) governor was quoted as saying by The Nation newspaper on Saturday.
t8898 A year after the death of 53 Zulu royalists in clashes in this city, Zulus who gathered in centres around the country Tuesday to remember the dead are bitter that nobody has yet been arrested for the massacre. The head of the Arab League pressed Lebanon's feuding leaders on Friday to resume dialogue to resolve the country's deepening political crisis after failing to mediate such an agreement himself. Supporters of Libyan club Al-Ittihad have been accused of using a laser beam to unsettle the goalkeeper of Egyptian visitors Al-Ahly during a shock 2-0 African Champions League victory. The murder in Brazil last December of Sir Peter Blake, an ocean-racing skipper who had twice won the America's Cup, represented an earthquake in the world of sailing. Confetti and cheers greeted Britain's Prince Charles and his new bride Camilla after their wedding in Windsor on Saturday, as they basked in the support of thousands of fans. Charities may want to add a pair of blinking eyes to their Web-based pleas for donations. That's one implication of new research into the evolutionary roots of generosity. Europe's biggest software company, SAP AG, beat expectations Thursday with a 78 percent jump in second-quarter profit and extended its sales forecast despite the slump in many high-technology sectors. The number of drug addicts who suffer from HIV has reached 15 percent of the 1.5 million users of illegal drugs in Indonesia and some 80 percent of them also suffer from hepatitis C, an official said.
t1410 Israeli army conscripts are to be trained as building labourers to fill jobs left by Palestinians who are no longer allowed into the country, military officials said Tuesday. The condition of an U.S. international adventure photographer who is fighting for his life after a chunk of concrete smashed through the windshield of his car and hit him in the head, has stabilized, a hospital spokeswoman said Monday. Eight people were injured Tuesday when a Cathay Pacific Airbus A330 made an emergency landing at Hong Kong airport due to an engine failure, the government said. Fairchild Dornier, the No. 3 builder of regional and business jets and the heir to two venerable aviation names, filed for bankruptcy protection from creditors on Tuesday, saying it had run out of cash. They are from different sides of the tracks and different parts of the globe, but even the tsunami that ripped their Thai island paradise to shreds was not enough to keep Pratheep and Naomi's love from blooming. IHOP Corp. is betting $2.1 billion that it's got the recipe to get Applebee's restaurants cooking again: Own less, franchise more. Two Filipino hostages were freed Tuesday with an order to relay a warning to the government from their rebel captors: withdraw from Muslim-majority islands or face more kidnappings of American and European citizens. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 1,967.67 points today, down 9.58 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co. Ltd.
t543 More than 2,000 people suspected Moslem fundamentalists who spent six weeks in jail have been freed to mark the end of the holy month of Ramadan after they were found to have no ties to militant groups, police said Saturday. Asia XI captain Mahela Jayawardene won the toss and elected to bat Sunday against Africa XI in the third and final match of Afro-Asia Cup series. Thailand's election body called Monday for the dissolution of the ruling party, piling the pressure on embattled Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva after the bloodiest political unrest in 18 years. ``In America,'' she said, ``you should expect your millionaires to give millions, especially if they're going to stand on TV and ask the peasants for pennies.'' On Sept.ember 12, she said, she telephoned six celebrities and asked them to donate a million dollars each, along with her. Not one Indian share prices closed flat Wednesday with the market sidelined ahead of company earnings for the March quarter, dealers said. President Bush equated the war in Iraq on Wednesday with the U.S. war for independence. Like those revolutionaries who ``dropped their pitchforks and picked up their muskets to fight for liberty,'' Bush said that American soldiers were also fighting ``a new and unprecedented war'' to protect U.S. freedom. The America Cup soccer tournament has been postponed until next year but will still be held in Colombia, the South American Soccer Confederation said after an emergency meeting to address fears that the war-torn nation is too unsafe to hold the championship. Pakistan Monday expressed its full support to the decisions taken at the recent summit of Arab leaders denouncing Israel for the resurgence of violence in occupied Palestinian territories.
t212 As many as 20 countries are likely to attend a preparatory meeting in New York on Tuesday to set up a corporation to provide North Korea with nuclear reactors, South Korea's Yonhap news agency said Friday. Lebanon's army on Saturday pounded al-Qaida-inspired Islamic militants hiding in a Palestinian refugee camp in renewed heavy clashes following a few days of intermittent fighting. Human Rights Watch on Sunday called on Kuwaiti authorities to stop arresting and deporting supporters of leading pro-reform Egyptian activist Mohamed ElBaradei. What plays well in Peoria _ or in Crawford, Texas, for that matter _ can hurt you in London, as British Prime Minister Tony Blair is discovering. Latvian security services were on high alert Wednesday as radical groups were due to hold marches in the Baltic state to mark Latvian Legion day, which commemorates countrymen who served in the Nazi German Waffen-SS during World War II. Banking regulators unveiled formal guidelines Friday to stop abuses in the market for high-cost mortgages, where many loans have slid into default, hammering lending firms and spreading turmoil to Wall Street. Technology stocks advanced again Friday, handing the Nasdaq composite index a five-session winning streak, as the market extended its celebration of Microsoft's appeals court win in its antitrust fight with the government. The economy in Latin American countries is expected to grow more than 4 percent from 2000 to 2001, according to a recent report released by the Latin American Economic System (LAES).
t8356 Former Chinese athletics star Ni Zhiqing has been sentenced to eight years in prison for accepting bribes, a newspaper reported Monday. Developed countries are hypocritical for criticizing China's greenhouse gas emissions while buying products from its booming manufacturing industry, the Chinese government said. Pope Benedict XVI on Sunday praised an Italian association that combats child abuse, saying he wished to "thank and encourage" its work. A federal housing program launched by the Clinton Administration in 1997 envisioned police officers moving into low-income and high-crime neighborhoods as anchors of the community. UN Security Council Resolution 1595, which calls for a commission to probe the assassination of ex-premier Rafiq Hariri has left many gray areas which could limit its effectiveness, international legal experts said Friday. The U.S. military announced the deaths of a Marine killed in combat Monday in Al Anbar province and a soldier killed Friday near Beiji . At least 3,815 U.S. personnel have been killed since the start of the Iraq war in 2003, according to the W eb site icasualties.org, Goodrich Corp. has agreed to buy 95 percent of Hella Aerospace GmbH, the world's second-largest maker of aerospace lighting systems and related electronics. The faculty of Medicine of the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) is actively taking steps to establish the world's first "Brain Tissue Bank for Chinese" to promote the study of the pathology, aetiology and genetics of the senile dementia among Chinese, the university announced on Wednesday.
t7649 India's staggering external debt is under control due to record foreign exchange reserves and swelling exports, Finance Minister Manmohan Singh said Friday. BATTING--MOrdonez, Detroit, .383; ISuzuki, Seattle, .356; Jeter, New York, .343; Posada, New York, .342; Polanco, Detroit, .339; Willits, Los Angeles, .337; OCabrera, Los Angeles, .337. Thailand's army chief believes that the use of force is no solution to the kingdom's political crisis, his spokesman said Friday amid fears a crackdown on anti-government protests was being planned. Maybe all the networks are just having a Bob Hope moment, saying ``Thanks for the Memory'' to all the bygone great shows on behalf of the audience. The European Union's executive commission confirmed on Tuesday that it had received a letter from Ankara giving Turkey's agreement to an extension of its customs agreement with the European Union to Cyprus. eaten alive by a shark, say, or jumping from a burning building -- it's difficult not to flinch. This automatic response of empathy is triggered by the activation of a brain circuit that includes regions known as the anterior insula, periaqueductal gray and anterior cingulate cortex. The return of extreme-heat forecasts for the Midwest sent grain and soybean futures skyrocketing again Tuesday in early dealings on the Chicago Board of Trade. Philippine President Joseph Estrada made a last-minute appeal to the Philippine people Saturday for them not to join rallies next week organized by groups seeking his early ouster.
t4633 The former Anfield favourite and Zimbabwe international added: "I thank fans from my past Liverpool days and from all over the country and the world who have sent messages of support." Japanese authorities sent a family of four North Korean defectors to South Korea on Saturday, a news report said, two weeks after they arrived in Japan by boat. Toyota agreed Monday to pay a record 16.4 million dollar fine for hiding gas pedal defects and announced yet more recalls as the US government warned it was not done investigating the Japanese automaker. The New York Times Syndicate is offering two articles per week _ SOME WITH ART _ from NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TODAY, the National Geographic Channel's daily news journal, as a free three-month trial. President Roh Moo-Hyun raised the stakes in a heated dispute with Japan on Wednesday, urging South Koreans to prepare for "diplomatic war" with their neighbour. There is a giant backlog of orders for wind turbines. Most manufacturers have enough orders to keep busy through 2009. Gearboxes, blades, castings and bearings are all in short supply. Technology has more than doubled the power output from each turbine, with size growing from 10 meters in diameter The glittering lights that have illuminated the Eiffel Tower for over a year will be switched off Saturday until early 2003 _ when the light show will become a nightly fixture on the Paris skyline, a city hall spokeswoman said. The following are latest facts and figures about China's main import commodities from the Republic of Korea (ROK) from January to September this year, released by the General Administration of Customs:
t9284 Sri Lanka plans to call for investment proposals to privatise national carrier AirLanka as part of a program to divest state enterprises, the government announced here Wednesday. The president of the Mormon church got a 97th birthday present Saturday that was too big to wrap -- a building bearing his name built with donations from followers. Panama's former dictator Manuel Noriega, extradited to France to face charges of laundering drug money, insisted Tuesday that he be treated as a prisoner of war and be sent home. Five months ago, Kim Dryer introduced her Sequin fashion jewelry collection to the Palm Beach market at her first Saks Fifth Avenue trunk show on the island. The death toll in Angola from the world's deadliest outbreak of the Ebola-like Marburg virus inched towards the 200 mark with nine more deaths, the health ministry and the UN World Health Organisation said late Sunday. Insuring children was considered the easiest part of the health-reform challenge because they are cheaper to cover and public support for doing so is high. The painstaking search for a missing California woman that has captured national media attention is hurting murder investigations in Washington, leaders of the police union said Thursday. China has stepped up its efforts to fight against tax evasion by requiring selected companies to print invoices using a computerized system connected to taxation authorities.
t9349 The Canada-Spain fish war, being fought according to different versions by Spanish pirates and a self-appointed Canadian sheriff and jury, has moved to the diplomatic corridors of Brussels. Midfielder Andy Dorman scored two goals and the New England Revolution beat Toronto FC 3-0 in Major League Soccer on Saturday. A Moscow court Tuesday banned a well-known ultra nationalist group, the Slavic Union, its leader said, amid an official crackdown on hate crimes in Russia. A hypnotist was the featured guest at the soil conservation district's annual meeting here a few weeks ago, a fitting diversion for a place where it has not rained for nearly a year and the land seems to be in a hard trance. New Zealand seamer Chris Martin bagged a five wicket haul in the first session of play in the second Test to have Sri Lanka reeling at 65 for five at lunch here Monday. With Madonna announcing her new $120-million recording and touring deal with Live Nation last week, the pace of big stars leaving the traditional music industry has started to speed up. Minnesota backup Brian Buchanan was 4-for-5 with four RBIs, and Corey Koskie doubled twice and drove in three runs as a lineup filled with reserves rallied the Twins past the Oakland Athletics 12-10 Thursday night. Loss-making retailer Zhengzhou Baiwen, headquartered in central China's Henan Province, has avoided becoming China's first liquidated listed company as a restructuring plan has been agreed upon over the weekend which involves selling it to another company.
t863 China announced Monday a 13.7 percent budget increase in agricultural investment for 1995, stressing that strict control of the sector was crucial in the battle against inflation. The Toyota 4Runner pulled to a stop on the country road and a tinted window rolled down. Passersby gawked, then broke into a run, screaming "President!" when they realized Hugo Chavez was at the wheel. "I love you!" cried a middle-aged woman with tears in her eyes, thrusting a Thailand's stock market tumbled more than five percent on Monday after the country's worst political unrest in 18 years left 21 people dead and more than 800 injured. After rising steadily for a decade, the number of trademark applications fell 23 percent last year and appears to be declining so far this year, according to the publishers of a closely watched annual report on trademark trends. Burundi's last remaining rebel group fired six mortar shells at the capital overnight, hitting the area around the presidential palace but causing no casualties, the army said Wednesday. In a conference call in January, the health-care debate within the Democratic Party played out before former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina, who was in search of policy advice for his presidential campaign, and his wife, Elizabeth. Rita Williams scored six of her 21 points in overtime to lead the Indiana Fever to an 86-78 win over the Phoenix Mercury on Sunday. Chinese Minister of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation Shi Guangsheng today made a six- point proposal which he hopes will increase trade and economic cooperation with the European Union (EU).
t2042 The UN World Food Programme (WFP) helped feed a total of 25 million refugees and displaced people last year, including 19 million women and children, the agency said Thursday. French anti-terrorist police detained 10 suspected members of the Kurdish guerrilla group PKK in a probe into attacks on Turkish-linked buildings, police said Tuesday. Australian authorities on Wednesday arrested and charged the master and officer on watch of the Chinese coal carrier which ran aground on the Great Barrier Reef, damaging the famous marine park. When President Bush announced from the White House on Thursday morning that his administration would at last plunge headlong into high-level Middle East diplomacy, he did so in a forceful yet nuanced analysis of a conflict that spun out of control as he tried to avoid it. India Friday condemned the United States' refusal to allow entry to hardline Hindu nationalist leader Narendra Modi, who is accused of complicity in a massacre of Muslims, saying the step was "uncalled for". In the opening scene of the new romantic comedy ``No Reservations,'' chef Kate Armstrong (Catherine Zeta-Jones) stands by the window in her Manhattan shrink's office and muses sensually about her signature dish, roast quail with truffles: Food Lion and Kash n' Karry grocery chains pulled their store brand white corn tortilla chips from shelves Tuesday in response to concerns raised by the Food and Drug Administration about StarLink genetically modified corn used in the chips. The European Union (EU) and Russia on Monday announced their plan to build strategic partnership, aimed at maintaining security and stability in Europe.
t7786 The five major nuclear powers, China, the United States, France, Britain and Russia Friday took the unprecedented step of proposing security guarantees to non-nuclear countries in case they are attacked. The governor of a Chinese province at the center of a slave labor scandal has made a formal admission of error before the country's premier, becoming the first high-ranking official to suffer consequences over the abuses. Britain's election race tightened Friday as a second television debate between party leaders failed to produce a runaway winner, increasing the chances of a hung parliament. Just a day after President Bush called on Israel to complete its withdrawal from Palestinian cities in the West Bank, columns of fast-rolling Israeli tanks and armored personnel carriers Friday churned into the city of Qalqilya and three smaller settlements. That fresh military action prompted Bush to insist that The Ugandan government on Thursday demanded that exiled former head of state Milton Obote explain the deaths of an estimated 300,000 people killed during his reign before he makes any attempt to return home. Shashi Tharoor is a reliable advertising man for what's starting to be called "Brand India." Even as an undersecretary general of the United Nations, he made no secret of being a booster for his country. Now, freed from the strictures of a diplomatic post, Tharoor has put together the A new friendship pact between Russia and China will not deter the United States from pursuing a missile defense system, a State Department spokesman said Tuesday. Cuban leader Fidel Castro on Saturday reiterated his accusations that the Salvadoran government was protecting and tolerating "terrorist" Luis Posada Carriles, who was arrested in Panama for allegedly masterminding an assassination plot against Castro.
t694 The Khmer Rouge rebels denied Sunday that government forces had seized their northern base at Anlong Veng, near the Thai border and claimed to have inflicted heavy casualties on the government army. The view into Brazil from this Bolivian border city seems like an Amazon jungle paradise: an endless green horizon broken only by the modern skyline of the Brazilian city of Corumba shimmering in the Caceres Lagoon. But authorities say the largely unguarded tangle swamps, rivers and jungles hide an President Barack Obama has urged Nigeria's Acting President Goodluck Jonathan to make "historic" progress in combating corruption and backed his vow to forge electoral reform, US officials said. As the United States settles the mantle of empire, however uneasily, on its shoulders, it must constantly deal with the legacy of the West's last major empire, Britain. The US military denied Wednesday that US troops shot and killed an Iraqi general at a checkpoint Tuesday night in Iraq's western al-Anbar province. President Bush's commutation of I. Lewis ``Scooter'' Libby's prison sentence spared his friend from jail, but Democrats are hoping it will be a boon for them, as well. The front-line worries targeted by the states so far this year: unsafe schools, identity theft, abandoned babies, eco-terrorists, seat belts left unbuckled. The non-governmental China Community Corps (CCC) have played a vigorous role in carrying out poverty alleviation projects in China in recent years.
t8369 The Philippines embassy said Monday it was trying to find out how many Filipina domestic servants wanted to return home in the wake of the diplomatic crisis sparked by the hanging of a Filipina here. Members of Congress who want taxpayer dollars spent on embryonic stem cell research answered President George W. Bush's veto by advancing a spending bill that includes permission to do just that. Austrian President Heinz Fischer was headed for re-election as expected on Sunday, receiving 78 percent of votes, according to partial results published by the ARGE polling institute. A historic Lake Tahoe estate in Nevada, built by an eccentric San Francisco real estate investor who stayed there with his pet lion and pet elephant, was scheduled to open its doors for public tours this month. Having stood through Pope John Paul II's funeral and cried as his casket slipped behind the purple curtain of St Peter's Basilica, Poles in Rome raised their red and white flags Friday to honor him one last time. The moves come as Southern California is facing both a cut in water supplies from Northern California and is dealing with a major drought locally. The former chief executive of a printing company that makes stock certificates and other secure documents was charged Wednesday with securities fraud. Ariel Sharon, head of Israel's major opposition party Likud, said Wednesday he still wanted to talk with Prime Minister Ehud Barak on forming an emergency coalition after Barak agreed Tuesday night to hold new elections.
t7560 Germany's retail turnover remained unchanged in real terms in January compared to the same month last year, according to provisional figures released by the Federal Statistics Office Friday. A Democratic senator on Wednesday opened a new avenue of scrutiny into Blackstone Group LP's planned IPO, raising national-security concerns to top government officials over China's planned $3 billion (euro2.23 billion) investment in the big private-equity firm. Hardliner Dervis Eroglu, the new president of the self-declared breakaway Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, was sworn in on Friday in the TRNC parliament in the island's divided capital. The University of North Carolina abolished early decision admissions on Thursday, becoming the first major selective American college to break with an increasingly controversial, if popular, trend in higher education. Before the Terminator, the US military is looking to hire the Operator, a top-notch battlefield surgeon. But those made of flesh and blood need not apply. "I like the idea of giving every baby born in America a $5,000 account that will grow over time, so that when that young person turns 18 if they have finished high school they will be able to access it to go to college or maybe they will be Supporters of the world's first permanent war crimes tribunal are campaigning to persuade President Bush not to remove the U.S. signature on the treaty creating the international criminal court _ or lobby against it. U.S. Supreme Court announced here on Friday that it will hear one of Republican presidential candidate George W. Bush's appeals that seeks to stop hand recounts of ballots in Florida on next Friday.
t6060 Hong Kong stepped up security on its subway system Monday in reaction to the poison-gas attack in Tokyo, with police warning of "pre-emptive action" if local commuters are threatened. Four people have been arrested in Australia in connection with a global pedophile ring that uploaded live videos of children being raped to the Internet, federal police said Tuesday. Italian powerhouse AC Milan will meet the Chicago Fire of Major League Soccer on May 30, the US club announced Wednesday. When a private international company proposed building a $500 million container port in poor, rural Jasper County, S.C., county officials thought their ship had finally come in. England prop Julian White has been named in Leicester's team against Leeds on Sunday after recovering from the neck and shoulder injuries that have plagued him since the world champions' Six Nations opener against Wales last month. Iraq is too important to lose, so we've got to keep on trying, no matter the cost, and though it's not clear when we will succeed. An Algerian national was convicted Friday of charges that he played a pivotal role in a failed plot to detonate a suitcase bomb at Los Angeles International Airport just before the new millennium. Palm Beach County, Florida, began a full hand recount of ballots on Thursday night, shortly after the Florida Supreme Court gave the county the go ahead.
t8787 North Korea has offered an alternative proposal allowing South Korea limited participation in a US-led plan to supply new nuclear reactors to the North, officials said Tuesday. Poland's Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski says he is not satisfied with negotiations so far at the EU summit, renews threat of veto. Europe's main stock markets closed higher on Monday amid talks over a bailout of Greece with billions of euros (dollars) in emergency loans from the EU and the IMF. A priest who announced that his church would not participate in two major fund-raising campaigns for the Archdiocese of Boston said Tuesday that he did not intend to show a lack of support for archdiocese leaders, including the archbishop, Cardinal Bernard F. Law. The bodies of 96 Maoist rebels have been recovered after a major clash with government forces in Rukum district west of the capital, state-run television reported Saturday as it showed what it said were rebel corpses. There's no other place quite like Blackwater, at least not in private hands. The complex anchors a global training and security operation that is one of the government's fastest-growing contractors and both a fixture and a flashpoint of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. In a decade, Blackwater's revenue Dominik Hasek, the NHL's top-rated goalie, was released from the hospital Thursday, two weeks after he was admitted for treatment of an unspecified illness. A ceremony was held Friday in Beijing for the donation of more than 30 million yuan (3.6 million U.S. dollars) to help relieve the shortage of drinking water in the western region of China.
t2006 The dollar jumped back from its overnight record lows in Tokyo on Thursday as the Bank of Japan bought the US unit intermittently following dollar-support remarks from top US and German monetary officials. Organic farming has more than doubled its share of European agricultural land since 1998, the EU statistics agency Eurostat said Tuesday. Around 400 people were killed and another 10,000 injured in a strong earthquake that rocked a remote mountainous area of northwestern China on Wednesday. President Bush reversed course on Thursday and thrust his administration into a central role in the Middle East crisis, demanding that Israel begin withdrawing from the West Bank and telling Arab nations and Yasser Arafat that they must actively oppose terrorism if they are to have any hope of Ivory Coast's foes were racing Friday to meet a United Nations deadline to compile a list of their artillery and weapons stocks ahead of a long-delayed disarmament campaign in the restive west African state. Andy Dehart, the general manager of Washington's National Aquarium and a tiger shark specialist appearing on Tuesday's ``Shark Feeding Frenzy,'' said Shark Week's two decades of educational entertainment have infiltrated the mindset of visitors to the aquarium. When President Bush comes to town Thursday, Leann Smith plans to set up the lawn chair, bring out the binoculars and spend the day with her boyfriend gawking at the first family's compound. HARARE, October 30 (Xinhua) - Zimbabwe's fast track resettlement program is affecting the country's cropping negatively, warned the country's Commercial Farmers Union (CFU), a non-governmental organization of the planters, on Monday.
t5865 Russian aircraft and artillery staged massive raids across a wide area of rebel-held southeast Chechnya on Sunday, with bombs killing at least six people and wounding several dozen. A land mine left over from last summer's war between Israel and the militant Hezbollah group wounded a foreign demining expert, the state-run National News Agency said Monday. Islamic activists on Tuesday urged Malaysia to ban former British prime minister Tony Blair from entering the country, where he is scheduled to address a business gathering this weekend. These business stories for release Saturday, April 20, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Some 30 youth and student groups voiced outrage at the forthcoming April 8 concert of Russia's pop singer Filipp Kirkorov for what they claim is his pro-Turkish, anti-Armenian attitude. Instead of offering unbiased investment advice, restaurant seminars are typically geared to selling high-cost financial products -- with promoters often throwing in door prizes, tote bags and even rounds of golf as ploys to get senior citizens to buy into their investments, the study found. San Francisco Giants right-hander Mark Gardner was placed on the 15-day disabled list Thursday because of a strained right shoulder. The first silk handbook in the world, entitled "A Handbook on the Hangzhou Silk City", was recently published in Hangzhou, a scenic city of east China's Zhejiang Province.
t2101 The Shanghai Securities Exchange (SSE) hit its lowest close for the week Thursday, falling 15.23 points, or 2.5 percent, to 605.57 as investors continued to take profits on thinner volume, a broker said. The national intelligence director has won White House approval to begin revising an executive order that lays out each spy agency's responsibilities and the government's protections against spying on Americans. The death toll from a strong earthquake that rocked northwestern China's remote Qinghai province on Wednesday has risen to around 400, with another 8,000 injured, state media reported. Shortly after Joe Nemechek qualified on the front row for Saturday's O'Reilly 300 NASCAR Busch Series race at Texas Motor Speedway, a reporter asked if Nemechek could translate anything from his efforts into his Winston Cup ride. Sunni clerics said in weekly sermons Friday that the resistance against the US presence in Iraq has nothing to do with killing civilians, while Shiites urged Sunnis to join the political process for the common good. The Taliban said Wednesday that it had executed a South Korean hostage, one of 23 held by the group since last week, and threatened to execute more hostages if its demands were not met. Food Lion and Kash n' Karry grocery chains pulled their store brand white corn tortilla chips from shelves in response to concerns raised by the Food and Drug Administration about StarLink genetically modified corn used in the chips. News Corp lifted the Australian stock market to a higher close Monday, with the local bourse boosted by a strong showing on Wall Street.
t1624 The Nikkei Stock Average of the Tokyo Stock Exchange stood at 16,653.43 points at 2 p.m. (0500 GMT) Wednesday, down 301.85 yen, or 1.8 percent. The Thai government asked financial institutions Tuesday to track down more than US$614 million (euro459 million) that has disappeared from the now-frozen bank accounts of toppled Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. Barcelona followed up their impressive win over Real Madrid five nights ago with a convincing 3-0 home win over Deportivo La Coruna on Wednesday to go six points clear of Real at La Liga summit. The Saudi Basic Industries Corp. agreed Wednesday to buy the petrochemical unit of DSM, a Dutch rival, for 2.25 billion euros, or $2 billion, in cash, marking its first foray into Europe and one of the largest deals ever by a Saudi company. The dollar continued to recoup some of its recent losses against major rivals Thursday after the publication of solid US economic data. The New York City region was a big winner in the competition for new federal anti-terrorism funding, as the Homeland Security Department announced it will send a combined $168 million to the area next year to purchase anti-terror equipment and pay for training. The state attorney has decided not to pursue charges against Florida receiver Jabar Gaffney, who was accused of beating up a boy who was trying to steal his motor scooter. Malaysia's economy rebounded strongly in 2000 with real gross domestic product (GDP) expected to grow by 7.5 percent, higher than the government's earlier estimate of 5.8 percent, according to the Finance Ministry Friday.
t4782 North Korea's new leader Kim Jong-Il has elevated four trusted proteges to the communist nation's highest military body in his latest move to cement his grip on power, South Korean monitors said Thursday. The newly elected mayor and vice mayor of a northern Philippine town were killed by unidentified gunmen as they watched a cockfight, police said Saturday. Fans of Indian Premier League cricket in the United States will be able to watch the semi-finals and final of the season live on YouTube, the Google-owned website said Monday. It was time for the Supreme Court on Monday to begin confronting the practical implications of the sharp new direction it took two years ago in criminal sentencing. Global efforts to overcome tuberculosis are making gradual headway but serious problems remain in tackling the disease in Africa and among people with the AIDS virus, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Thursday. A half-dozen or so lawyers are being discussed among administration officials as possible candidates to replace Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, but no clear favorite has emerged and President Bush is willing to fight for the right candidate, administration officials and Republican advisers said Tuesday. Donny Osmond credits Las Vegas as the foundation of his 38-year career and hopes it will play a role in his future. Italian President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi sent a message of condolences to his Austrian counterpart Thomas Klestil Saturday after 170 people were killed in a tunnel fire at an Austrian ski resort.
t684 The Zulu nationalist Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) decided Sunday to end its boycott of South Africa's parliament, but also issued a warning of chaos in the constitution-writing process unless its demands for international mediation were met. David Beckham could use an escape clause in the contract he signed with Los Angeles Galaxy to withdraw from the deal and carry on playing at Real Madrid, news reports said Sunday. NATO's International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) said Monday it "deeply regrets" killing four civilians, who were shot dead when troops opened fire on a bus in southern Afghanistan. When the first NCAA basketball championship was held 63 years ago, a crowd of 5,500 watched Oregon defeat Ohio State in the title game at Patten Gymnasium on the campus of Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill. Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker said Wednesday that he was "fully convinced" that EU entry talks with Croatia could begin "in the course of the next weeks." Before the Oct. 10, 2002, House vote to authorize the war, with the Democratic leadership prepared to support President Bush, Rep. Jan Schakowsky and other liberals formed an opposition movement. Quietly, they went from lawmaker to lawmaker ``asking people how they would vote, and if they were unsure, convincing Hong Kong celebrated its fourth anniversary under Chinese rule Sunday with a solemn flag-raising ceremony and an official concert, but hundreds of protesters also took to the streets to demand greater democracy. A draft on the amendment to the Law on Regional Autonomy, submitted to China's top legislature this morning, strengthens the country's efforts to further support the development of ethic autonomous regions.
t5379 lively. Gold jumped this week to its highest level since November at 386.6 dollars per ounce, finally reacting to the dollar's weakness. A South Korean tycoon accused in a sensational revenge attack against bar workers after his son was hurt in a karaoke club scuffle appeared in court Monday for his first trial session. Argentina's last dictator, Reynaldo Bignone, 82, was Tuesday sentenced to 25 years in prison after being found guilty of ordering torture and illegal detentions during his 1982-1983 rule. Danny Defenbaugh, a top FBI official who innovated anti-terrorism units in North Texas, but was sharply criticized for his role in the Oklahoma City bombing investigation, is retiring. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is to announce within days a timetable for the withdrawal of the remainder of his forces in Lebanon, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak told French television Thursday during a visit to Paris. The U.S. Border Patrol has just unveiled a total makeover of its traditional uniform. Shiny badges and other emblems of law enforcement are out. Our frontier troops will now have a look more in keeping with their role as frontier troops, with lightweight fatigues and better weapons. Agent Ramon The ``West Wing'' and ``The Sopranos'' looked to follow up on their success in last year's Emmy Awards as they awaited the list 2001 nominees. Inventories at U.S. companies inched up 0.1 percent to a seasonally adjusted 1.21 trillion U.S. dollars in September, the smallest gain since the beginning of 1999, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday.
t3565 UN special envoy Yasushi Akashi headed Monday for the Bosnian Serb stronghold of Pale in a bid to save a fragile truce which appeared to be hovering on the brink of collapse. A South Carolina lawmaker pleaded no contest Thursday to threatening to beat and sexually assault a man dating his estranged wife. He was fined $500 (euro375). Fresh fears over Greece's debt problems returned as Asian markets fell on Friday while stocks were also hit by dealers locking in profits from recent gains. In a move that would broaden its traditional role, NATO has offered to carry out the planning for a Turkish-led peacekeeping mission in Afghanistan, NATO's secretary-general, Lord Robertson, said Wednesday. Police in Britain said Monday they were venturing into unknown territory in a bid to fight so-called "honour killings", largely in South Asian communities, while also looking at whether to outlaw forced marriages. Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney divested from companies doing business in Iran, but still holds stock in an oil company that does business in Sudan, where the government is accused of sponsoring genocide, his financial disclosure report filed Monday shows. Defiant but demoralized, leaders of Northern Ireland's major Protestant brotherhood urged their followers to refrain from violence after British security forces on Sunday blocked their most controversial parade for the fourth year in a row. World-famous brands like Panasonic of Japan and Sweden's Electrox have recently invested in the economic and technologic development zone in Qingdao.
t9151 The Hebrew newspaper Al Hamishmar, a left-wing pro-peace daily, is set to close on Friday after more than half a century. The blaze that killed nine firefighters in a furniture store in the Southern U.S. city of Charleston started on or near a loading dock, federal investigators confirmed Saturday, a day after the victims were mourned in a joint ceremony. Manchester United and England striker Wayne Rooney won the Professional Footballers' Association player of the year award at a ceremony here on Sunday and then declared his readiness for the World Cup. Buried deep beneath the wheat fields and factories of this fading industrial city are untold numbers of ancient relics _ royal tombs, decorative bronze vessels, jade ornaments and human sacrificial pits. The bodies of 113 Maoist rebels have been recovered following a major battle with government forces in western Nepal late last week, an army official said Sunday. Yes, when Charlie Brown and Lucy celebrate their golden anniversary, they just might toast each other with a pumpkin ale. The former baseball scout who once discovered Sammy Sosa is suing the New York Mets, saying the team is trying to move him out of a stadium where he runs a baseball academy. Eight enterprises went bankrupt in November in Chile, a 33.33 percent drop over the same month of last year, local media reports said Saturday.
t2892 A Libyan envoy to Egypt called on the Arab League Saturday to take action in the Lockerbie affair following "new information" which he said proved the innocence of Libyans accused in the 1988 bombing. French drug manufacturer Sanofi-Aventis has failed to demonstrate the safety of its proposed weight-loss drug rimonabant, U.S. government health advisers say. Iran has publicly hanged three men convicted of raping 13 women in the northern town of Babolsar, the government newspaper Iran reported on Thursday. The New York Times racked up a record-shattering seven Pulitzer Prizes Monday in a competition dominated by the nation's largest papers covering one of the most dramatic stories in a generation _ the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks and America's subsequent decision to go to war. NSW Waratahs lock Justin Harrison was late Sunday banned for three Super 12 rugby matches for making a racial slur against a Golden Cats player in South Africa last week. With Congress now in recess for a month, what is lost in Washington is gained on the campaign trail, as presidential candidates enter a new phase of retail politics. Shares of Data-storage giant EMC plunged nearly 26 percent percent after it said second-quarter earnings will miss Wall Street's expectations, another sign of the slowdown in information technology spending. U.S. Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers repeated on Friday that the United States favors a strong U.S. dollar as the European Central Bank (ECB) once again intervened the exchange markets to bolster the weak euro.
t427 Kenyan authorities have opened up areas of the western Rift Valley province they sealed off in 1993 following an eruption of ethnic violence, according to a notice in the official gazette published Saturday. President Gen. Pervez Musharraf withdrew new curbs on media covering Pakistan's growing political crisis, backing down after a week of nationwide protests by journalists and opposition parties. The United States said Monday that Al-Qaeda's interest in nuclear weapons was still "strong" and warned the risk of nuclear terrorism was "real," "serious" and "growing." Rod Rodgers, a modern-dance choreographer known for dances with an unforced, thoughtful physicality often motivated by social themes expressed with quiet passion, died on Sunday at a Manhattan hospital. He was 64 and lived in Manhattan. An Iranian serial killer convicted of kidnapping and murdering 21 people, most of them children, was publicly flogged and hanged south of Tehran on Wednesday before thousands of spectators, an AFP reporter at the scene said. A new report on the crisis in the Darfur region of western Sudan has identified rape as a systematic weapon of ethnic cleansing being used by government-backed Janjaweed militiamen, and said Sudanese laws discriminate against female victims, who face harassment and intimidation at local police stations if they try Zimbabwe's main labor federation will defy a government ban and go ahead with a general strike to protest recent price increases, the group said Saturday. Two more people died of cholera in Kwazulu-Natal Province, South Africa on Sunday morning, bringing the cholera death toll in the province to 30, the country 's Health Department said.
t7039 The United Nations is to re-open Sarajevo airport to relief flights after Bosnian Serb and government forces pledged not to fire on planes, the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) said Wednesday. South Korea's Hanjin Heavy Industries &amp; Construction Co. and STX Shipbuilding Co. said separately Wednesday they had won ship orders worth a combined US$417 million (euro311 million). The new head of Afghanistan's main electoral body was sworn in Thursday, a high- profile reform that the United Nations has endorsed as a move towards free and fair elections later this year. Florida mortician Jeffrey Gibson obliged when one of his customers, an elderly widow, made an emotional request. She asked that he cremate her golden Pekinese Amy Lou, and place the dog's ashes into the same urn that contained her late husband. The head of the Nahdlatul Ulama, the world's largest Islamic group, met with Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra Monday at the start of a trip aimed at easing tensions in Thailand's Muslim south. Gloria Abney never imagined she would taste barley, let alone like it. But when Alison Swope, this month's Chef on Call, used chicken stock to slow-cook it into a "risotto" finished with Parmesan cheese, Abney became a convert after just one bite. Israeli tanks rolled into the Palestinian sector of Hebron early Monday and exchanged heavy fire with Palestinian gunmen in the deepest incursion since Israel withdrew from most of the city in 1997. Zambia's economy is improving this year although its growth rate will not reach the 4-percent targeted goal, a report from the country's finance ministry has said.
t66 Ukraine President Leonid Kuchma will visit Japan March 22-25 to hold talks with Japanese leaders, the Foreign Ministry announced Friday. Even though Danica Patrick and Dan Wheldon have made up with a long talk and a hug, those banners promoting "The Rumble at the Speedway" were still prominently displayed around the track Friday. US Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Sunday that Iran is not on the threshold of producing a nuclear weapon and that its program was progressing slower than Tehran expected. Chris Demis, longtime proprieter of the Mass House of Pizza, knows a thing or two about running a pizza joint. One basic rule: Don't annoy your customers. European Union trade commissioner Peter Mandelson ruled out Tuesday a return to the EU's former quota system for textiles, but said he would define "clear danger zones" posed to Europe by Chinese clothing imports. Donald Trump -- as in Trump Tower, Trump Entertainment and Trump Organization -- announced Wednesday that he has purchased a bankrupt golf course in Fresno -- as in Fresno, Calif. President John Kufuor of Ghana brushes aside suggestions that his 5-month-old elected government may in peril from opposition led by a former president who has staged coups twice before and has publicly warned of a new revolt. Beijing Municipal People's Government hosted a reception today welcoming the Chinese and Russian representatives attending the Sino-Russian Committee for Friendship, Peace and Development for their third plenary session.
t551 A 1-0 win at Aston Villa kept Blackburn three points clear at the top of the Premiership on Saturday but Manchester United served notice that they are in no mood to concede their title with a crushing 9-0 victory over Ipswich. U.S. President George W. Bush, leaving behind thousands of anti-Bush protesters in Rome, got a hero's welcome in Albania on Sunday as he became the first American president to visit this tiny impoverished nation. A court heard a French pop singer's lawsuit Monday against a TV news channel he accuses of violating his right to privacy by airing rumours he was having an affair with first lady Carla Bruni-Sarkozy. With the electricity cut and staccato bursts of gunfire rolling over the olive trees of Ramallah's rocky hills, Dalia Qaria huddled with her three sisters and mother around a gas stove in a city besieged Friday by force and fear. An Iranian serial killer convicted of kidnapping and murdering 21 people, most of them little boys, was publicly flogged and hanged south of Tehran on Wednesday before thousands of spectators, an AFP reporter at the scene said. U.S. soldiers and Marines filed into the marble hall of Saddam Hussein's former Al Faw Palace on Independence Day as foreigners at home as well as here. But they left the room as American citizens. Homestate favorite Ted Musgrave overpowered previously dominant Jack Sprague with 30 laps remaining Saturday and won the NASCAR truck series race. The first of the four refurnished submarines of the Canadian Navy arrives in the country 's Atlantic city Halifax Monday from Britain, according to the Montreal-based Gazette.
t6904 Turkey carried out fresh raids on Kurdish rebel targets in northern Iraq and sent in more troops Wednesday as its massive drive against guerrilla bases entered a third day. The U.S. dollar was trading at 123.36 yen at 2:50 p.m. (0550 GMT) Wednesday, compared with 123.35 yen late Tuesday in New York. Two Norwegians sentenced to death in the Democratic Republic of Congo for killing their driver are to be retried, after a military high court overturned their sentence on Thursday. Wellpoint Health Networks is petitioning to reduce the cost of allergy drugs in an effort to improve consumers' access and save the company money by consolidating pricey prescriptions. Mexico snapped a record 16-match unbeaten streak by the United States, keeping their perfect home mark over their arch rivals with a 2-1 victory here Sunday in a World Cup 2006 qualifying match. Barack Obama, D-Ill., was absent on Capitol Hill Thursday when the Senate voted on a resolution by Texas Republican John Cornyn condemning MoveOn.org for its newspaper advertisement attacking Gen. David Petraeus. Obama's primary rivals, Hillary Clinton, D-N.Y., and Chris Dodd, D-Conn., were among the 25 senators who voted against Doctors treating an 8-year-old boy nearly killed by a shark say he may not have suffered brain damage despite a severe loss of blood. Nine Egyptian pilgrims were killed Wednesday and 43 others injured when their bus overturned in Suez Governorate, the official Middle East News Agency reported.
t3957 Nine French UN soldiers were killed and four seriously hurt Tuesday morning in a road accident on Mount Igman near Sarajevo, the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) said here. The San Antonio Spurs moved in among the NBA's greatest franchises with an 83-82 victory and a four-game sweep of first-time finalists the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday. Sudan's landmark election, which looks certain to secure re-election for President Omar al-Beshir, failed to reach international standards, European Union monitors said on Saturday. With so much tradition and so much pomp and circumstance, the Masters is almost like a wedding ceremony at times. Growing fears over Pope John Paul II's health, amid signs that his condition is worsening, cast a pall on Tuesday over the Roman Catholic Church's preparations for Easter Holy Week ceremonies over which he normally presides. Jonah Hill, the chubby, urgently ebullient actor at the center of the high school comedy ``Superbad,'' has the ability to blurt scripted profanities as if they were erupting from his own barely exposed id. Gangly Michael Cera, uncoordinated and croak-voiced, talks as if his larynx is aligned to a In his first major address since his election defeat, former Israeli prime minister Ehud Barak blamed Yasser Arafat for starting the current conflict, saying the Palestinian leader lacked the will to make peace with Israel and refused to give up a phased plan for Israel's destruction. At least five people were killed in a riot which took place at Idi Cut, in East Aceh Regency, Indonesia's Aceh Province, a report reaching here said Wednesday.
t8532 Panic gripped Sierra Leone's capital Freetown Monday after the sounding of a fire alarm during a military exercise sparked off fears that rebels were marching on the city, state radio said. French President Nicolas Sarkozy has convinced fellow EU leaders to drop a reference in their proposed new EU treaty to a goal of open, free-market competition within the bloc, diplomats said Friday. Oceanographers said on Sunday they had measured a system of mighty currents off Antarctica that are a newly-discovered factor in the equation of climate change. Rudolph de Harak, an influential designer whose many prominent projects included the timeline and typographic displays for the Egyptian Wing of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the futuristic entryway for the quirkily embellished office building at 127 John Street in Lower Manhattan, died on Wednesday at his home Lawyers for a US citizen accused of plotting to explode a "dirty bomb" have appealed to the US Supreme Court to hear a challenge to his indefinite detention as an "enemy combatant." The Supreme Court Wednesday said that it was evenly divided on an important case that would have told public school districts when they must pay for private tutition for special education students. Douglas County prosecutors dropped charges Wednesday against the wife of Denver Broncos linebacker Bill Romanowski in a prescription drug case. The incoming six months will determine the fate of South Korean economy, said South Korean Finance and Economy Minister Jin Nyum Thursday.
t6047 The fall of the dollar, turbulence in the European exchange system and calls for G7 crisis action stalked EU finance ministers as they began a regular meeting on Monday. Vilma Espin Guillois, the wife of acting President Raul Castro and one of the communist nation's most politically powerful women, died Monday, the Cuban government announced. She was 77. Weather confounded the US Winter Olympic team one more time on Wednesday as short-track speed skating star Apolo Anton Ohno led teammates and Paralympians to the White House. The Israeli foreign minister, Shimon Peres, told the U.N. secretary-general, Kofi Annan, on Friday that Israel would be willing to have the United Nations send a representative to look into the Israeli military action in the Jenin refugee camp in the West Bank. Once a way to give the flat-dwelling working class a chance to grow their own vegetables, allotment gardens are still popular with busy Copenhagen residents in search of nature and a trip down memory lane. It's an axiom awaiting its own fortune cookie: As long as somebody's showing reruns of your TV series all over the world, you will never want for friends. NEW YORK (AP)_ Shares of Toys R Us Inc. plummeted more than 10 percent on the New York Stock Exchange Friday after the giant toy retailer warned that its second-quarter profit loss will be larger than expected. The cause of a catastrophic explosion on October 28 in Hefei, capital of Anhui Province in east China, has recently been found out.
t8143 A daring manoeuvre paid dividends for teenager Haruchika Aoki on his way to a convincing victory in an all-Japanese finish in the Australian 125cc motorcycle grand prix here Sunday. Boys at the top of the pecking order -- either by birth or because their older siblings died -- score higher on IQ tests than their younger brothers. Iran's powerful Revolutionary Guards boasted on Saturday that they can fill the gap in the country's energy sector left by Western oil firms pulling out in the face of new sanctions against Tehran. It appeared to be a typical Sunday morning at Most Holy Redeemer Catholic Church. Parishioners filled the pews for the popular 10 o'clock mass, as they do every week, while organ music played and sunlight danced across the stained-glass windows. But while this largely gay parish in the heart Philippine share prices may see some bargain-hunting in the coming week after the central bank raised its policy rates, analysts said. When a big rig carrying explosive chemicals in Mexico blew up several weeks ago and killed more than two dozen, it set off alarms among critics of the Bush administration's program to allow trucks from south of the border to move goods anywhere in the U.S. Beate Uhse, the founder and chairwoman of Germany's best-known erotica dealer, has died, her Beate Uhse AG company said Wednesday. She was 81. Indonesian President Abdurrahman Wahid and his South Korean counterpart Kim Dae-Jung agreed here Tuesday to improve bilateral relations between the two countries.
t7888 Some 20,000 people fled Bujumbura on Saturday morning towards Zaire to escape ethnic violence in the Burundi capital, an AFP correspondent reported. Pope Benedict XVI said Thursday he was greatly concerned about the fate of Christians in Iraq, returning to a theme he discussed with U.S. President George W. Bush earlier this month. President Barack Obama on Thursday said the response to an oil rig disaster off the US coast was a "number one priority" after the platform sank into the Gulf of Mexico leaving 11 workers missing and causing a major oil spill. City and state officials announced Friday that a university, a department store and three law firms were among 14 companies to receive nearly $33 million in federal grants intended to revitalize Lower Manhattan's economy. Following are excerpts from the last will and testament of John Paul II, which was released by the Vatican, on the eve of the pope's funeral. Her work was in a different type of bacteria, but when asked to help clean a chamber that had been used to create an aerosol version of Brucella, she leaned inside and wiped it down. Taking a giant step beyond its traditional parties, Tupperware Corp. said Tuesday it will begin selling its products in 62 SuperTarget stores in October. BERLIN, November 27 (Xinhua) -- Cyclist Kevin Livingstone of the United States has quit double Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong's US Postal team to join the German Telekom team of his great rival Jan Ullrich, reports said on Monday.
t4626 A British UN patrol was pinned down for over four hours Wednesday by Serb machine gun and cannon fire in the eastern Bosnian enclave of Gorazde, a UN spokesman said. Calling it "our King Tut's tomb," thousands of people watched as a 1957 Plymouth Belvedere was pulled from the ground where it had been buried for 50 years as a time capsule of American Midwest culture. The dollar rose slightly against the euro on Monday as traders waited for firm indicators about the strength of the world's top economies. Sandra Olsen stands knee-deep in summer grass on a sprawling plain in northern Kazakhstan. Kazakhs have roamed this cold dry grassland on horseback for centuries and are renowned for their ability to shoot arrows with accuracy while bouncing atop galloping steeds. Israel's parliamentary law committee on Wednesday approved a bill demanding a referendum on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip later this year. The planet isn't the only thing heating up because of climate change. Some renewable-energy stocks have been pretty hot, too. Moving tanks and bulldozers into a Gaza refugee camp early Tuesday, Israel demolished Palestinian homes it said served as cover for gunmen, triggering one of the fiercest gun battles since a truce was declared a month ago. The following are latest facts and figures about the value of main commodities China imported from Italy during the January-September period this year, as released by the General Administration of Customs:
t3475 The South African currency reacted positively on Monday to the abolishment of the financial rand, with the new unitary rand rising dramatically as investors rushed into the market, surprising some dealers. Fisk University cannot sell any of the 101 works of art -- some worth millions of dollars -- donated by artist Georgia O'Keeffe in 1949, a judge ruled. Delaying the funeral of Polish president Lech Kaczynski planned for Sunday is a "serious alternative" after the closure of Polish air space due to volcanic ash, a presidential official said Friday. Jarred pasta sauce is one of the easiest ingredients to use to prepare a quick dinner these days. And the most popular type of pasta sauce just might be marinara, a simple tomato sauce flavored with olive oil, garlic, herbs and sometimes onions. After shopping at seven Bay Area European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso called on French leaders to work to clarify public "misunderstandings" about the EU constitution and plans to free up Europe's service sector. Cut the vegetables into bite-size pieces and place them in a medium saucepan. Add a cup of reserved cooking juices from the fish packet and enough liquid to match the amount of vegetables: If there are 2 cups of solids, there should be 2 cups of liquid. So add Trisha Fallon scored 16 points and Jennifer Gillom added 15 as the Phoenix Mercury rallied in the second half to beat the Washington Mystics 66-52 Saturday night. The World Food Program (WFP) is to stop on March 31 next year the free food distribution that was launched as part of an emergency program in support of flood victims in Mozambique, and start projects to promote development.
t4901 The United States is considering further unilateral trade sanctions against Iran following a decision to block a one billion dollar oil deal this week, a senior US official said Thursday. Marcus Giles broke up Carlos Zambrano's no-hitter in the eighth and Russell Branyan homered with one out in the ninth Saturday to lift the San Diego Padres over the Chicago Cubs 1-0 in a Major League Baseball game that featured a bench-clearing skirmish and four ejections. American Mona Hidayet could not hide her disbelief as she waited in a long queue at the bus station in the Parisian suburb of Bagnolet. J. William Stanton, a former Republican congressman from Ohio who went on to focus on development and international banking issues, died on Thursday at a hospital in Jacksonville, Fla. He was 78. Arab leaders steered clear of trouble at a summit marred by the absence of key players, avoiding some of the most controversial issues facing their region in a bid to give an impression of unity. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO this week separately assailed a new White House-backed crackdown on illegal immigration, warning of massive disruptions to the economy and headaches for U.S. citizens if the proposal goes ahead as planned in the coming days. Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. reported a narrower loss in the first quarter but the results fell short of Wall Street expectations. The deadly Ebola hemorrhagic fever has spread to Masindi district in western Uganda, neighboring Gulu district in the north, Uganda Health Ministry confirmed here Monday.
t5363 The St. Patrick's Day parade was marred by protests for the fourth year in a row as members of a gay organization denied a permit to march Friday blocked traffic, prompting police to intervene. Residents emerged from their homes at the end of a four-day lockdown and found themselves caught in traffic spawned by hundreds of new police and army checkpoints. Boeing on Tuesday vowed to beat out aerospace giant EADS in a competition to build new US aerial refueling tankers, after its European rival decided to return to the contest. Hewlett-Packard Co. said Wednesday a preliminary tally of votes by an outside firm shows its shareholders approved its merger with Compaq Computer Corp. by a razor-thin margin. Eight crew members of a Ukrainian-registered cargo plane are missing and feared dead after their aircraft crashed into Lake Victoria shortly after taking off from Tanzania, local officials said Thursday. Renovate thin and weedy lawns by pulling weeds, top-dressing with compost and overseeding with a blend of turf-type tall fescue varieties developed for the mid-Atlantic region. For lawns in partial shade, select mixes containing fine fescue varieties. Shady lawns generally benefit from an annual overseeding in September. Consider replacing An Erie County grand jury has indicted rap artist DMX on charges he failed to show up at Cheektowaga Town Court to begin serving jail time for a traffic conviction last year. The spokesperson, Marie Okabe, told a press conference that since September, the outbreak of fighting along Guinea's border with Sierra Leone and Liberia has resulted in more than 300 people killed and forced tens of thousands of people to flee their homes.
t5177 Japanese share prices fell in bearish trading on Friday with the key index closing 0.6 percent lower on futures-linked selling and under pressure from the yen's continued strength against the dollar. Israel will show restraint in its response to a rocket attack on northern Israel, an official traveling with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Sunday. Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp (MMC) said Monday it faced a 900 million dollar claim for damages from its former distributor in Egypt, as it slashed its operating profit forecast. Democrats are claiming record-breaking direct-mail campaigns and ambitious plans for fund-raising, but their latest data show how much they still depend on the unlimited soft-money contributions that will be outlawed after Election Day. Hong Kong actor Andy Lau will invest more than 25 million Hong Kong dollars (3.2 million dollars) of his own money in six movies in a bid to promote new Asian talent, his film company said Thursday. Not only did Koster join the marginalized minority party in Missouri, but he did so with a speech that lambasted his former colleagues for ignoring the needs of their constituents and slavishly following the dictates of "religious extremists." Harrison Ford starred in a search-and-rescue sequel for a missing Boy Scout in a forest just south of Yellowstone National Park. Indonesian Minister for Transportation and Telecommunication Agum Gumelar said here Tuesday that the number of traffic accidents in the country reached 12,769 cases last year, which claimed as many as 9,954 lives, 7,398 critically injured and 9,502 slightly wounded.
t7482 A top UN official overseeing Iraqi disarmament dismissed claims by the United States Thursday, asserting the UN was monitoring Baghdad's activities in the area of nuclear, biological and chemical weapons development. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said Wednesday he personally initiated his department's role in a Supreme Court case that could hurt shareholders' efforts to recover losses in securities fraud lawsuits. England centre Riki Flutey has agreed a three-year deal to rejoin former club Wasps, the English Premiership side announced on Friday.0 Mike McKool likes having the woods to himself. Most weekends, McKool, a corporate lawyer in Dallas whose clients include Intel and Lockheed Martin, climbs aboard his super-tuned dirt bike and rockets along narrow, twisting trails through forests of mesquite and oak, often leading a handful of friends on similar The judge in Michael Jackson's child sex trial dealt a devastating blow to the star Monday by ruling that jurors can hear details about five past abuse claims against him. When Sergio D'Angelo arrived in Moscow this month to promote his new book -- "The Pasternak Case: Memoirs of a Witness" -- the sprightly 85-year-old Italian was immediately greeted with his first bad review. A man opened fire during his son's baseball game Monday night, killing his estranged wife and the 10-year-old boy as players and parents fled for cover. The man later shot himself, authorities said. Lawyers of Philippine President Joseph Estrada filed Friday a motion to dismiss the impeachment case against the president who had allegedly received millions of pesos in bribes.
t3321 Lebanese living under Israeli occupation in south Lebanon hope a future peace deal with their neighbour will restore their dignity and release them from 17 years of virtual incarceration. More than US$20 million (euro15.05 million)in North Korean funds has been transferred from a blacklisted bank in the Chinese territory of Macau, an official said Thursday. Sweden and Norway began gradually reopening airspace on Friday, while Denmark and Finland said they were grounding traffic until Saturday at least due to a cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland. There is no stronger supporter of the United States men's national soccer team than Major League Soccer. More than half the members of the U.S. team who will compete in the World Cup tournament this summer were groomed in America's top-level professional soccer league. European football's governing body UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Chelsea and the club's manager Jose Mourinho on charges of bringing the game into disrepute. Vacation time is here. Time to go back to New England, visit my brothers and sisters, lie on the beach, catch up on my reading and ... think about sports. The police chief of a northeastern Utah town was shot and killed while trying to arrest a suspect in a domestic dispute, police said Saturday. Nicaragua's armed forces are in alert status as of Saturday to face any extraordinary situation during the municipal elections, military said.
t1504 New York reinstated the death penalty Tuesday after 18 years of impassioned debate and 18 vetoes by two successive governors of a law passed each year by the state legislature. Every morning for the last three months, Yuko Tojo has prayed at a war shrine for Japan's fallen soldiers -- including her grandfather, Gen. Hideki Tojo, the executed World War II premier who ordered the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor. The body of Polish president Lech Kaczynski's wife Maria Kaczynska was flown out of Moscow's Domodedovo airport Tuesday morning, an airport spokeswoman said. A regretful but resolved Piper school board on Tuesday stood by its action overriding a teacher's decision that 28 high school sophomores should get F's because she thought they plagiarized their work. Greek police arrested four Iraqi Kurds and were hunting six alleged accomplices suspected of an arson attack on an apartment in which one person died, officials said Thursday. U.S. special envoy Christopher Hill is no naive optimist, but he emerged from meetings with his North Korean counterpart Tuesday exuding something more than a glimmer of hope about denuclearization talks with the reclusive communist regime. The death toll from an 8.1-magnitude earthquake that rocked southern Peru on June 23 has been lowered from 115 people to 77, Peru's Civil Defense Institute said Tuesday. Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos Friday left here for Kinshasa, capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), to discuss with other African leaders issues on how to end the regional conflicts.
t466 Slovenian Foreign Minister Zoran Thaler on Saturday welcomed Italy's decision to lift a veto on Slovenia negotiating to become an associate member of the European Union. A politically charged film about a group of disillusioned Indian youths who turn patriotic swept the board early Sunday at the International Indian Film Awards ceremony -- the subcontinent's version of the Oscars. President Barack Obama and Jordan's King Abdullah II called on Monday for proximity peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians to take place "as soon as possible" despite the current deadlock. Panic Room Directed by: David Fincher Screenplay: David Koepp Starring: Jodie Foster, Kristen Stewart, Forest Whitaker, Dwight Yoakam, Jared Leto, Ann Magnuson, Ian Buchanan, Patrick Bauchau Running time: 108 minutes Rated: R (violence, language) !! Frenchman Marc Roger, former chairman of bankrupt Swiss club Servette Geneva, has been arrested by police investigating alleged financial irregularities. Werner Herzog has been here before, and not just because he first visited this story in his 1997 documentary ``Little Dieter Needs to Fly.'' His first Hollywood feature, ``Rescue Dawn'' is a dramatic interpretation of the true-life ordeal of U.S. Navy pilot Dieter Dengler, who escaped from a Laotian Andres Bermudez was smuggled into the United States squashed against his pregnant wife in the trunk of a Cutlass Supreme, and he didn't look back for more than two decades. South Asian workshop of senior police officers to enhance cross-border collaboration to stop trafficking of women and children began here Sunday.
t5826 Snipers killed one man and wounded three other persons Sunday afternoon in Sarajevo, the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) and hospital said here. Airbus stole the spotlight from U.S. rival Boeing Co. on the opening day of the world's largest air show on Monday, announcing deals worth around US$45 billion (US$34 billion). Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Tuesday urged Russia to observe prudent economic policies in order to avoid the risk of losing its financial independence by asking for IMF loans. The Los Angeles Kings seemed to thrive on doing things the hard way this season and now they will have another opportunity to win through adversity. The latest in a series of strong earthquakes shook the tsunami-hit Indonesian region of Aceh Friday, but officials said there were no casualites or damage. Last week, Fred Thompson announced he was throwing his hat into the 2008 presidential race. Perhaps the former Republican senator was inspired to become a candidate after playing a famous Republican U.S. president, Ulysses S. Grant, in HBO's "Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee," which arrives Tuesday in a Ricky Gutierrez hit a grand slam in the eighth and the Chicago Cubs picked up where they started before the All-Star break, beating the White Sox 5-1 Thursday. The loud mine detonation in an open field at the Spanish Military Engineering Academy on Wednesday marked the destruction of the last antipersonnel mine in Spain.
t9220 Israel's Foreign Minister Shimon Peres has proposed a 45-kilometre (28-mile) road bridge between the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, a senior police officer said Wednesday. A former Rwandan government official wanted for his role in the nation's 1994 genocide was taken into custody at a Paris airport after Interpol helped coordinate his arrest, the international police agency said Saturday. US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Tuesday urged Iraqi leaders to resolve rows over the March elections and form a new government quickly, as more winning candidates risked being disqualified. Clark Kent used them as dressing rooms, transforming himself into Superman in less time than it takes to get a dial tone. In the 1950s, college students crammed inside them for laughs. South Africa were 238-4 at lunch on the third day of the second Test against the West Indies at the Queen's Park Oval on Saturday in reply to the home side's first innings total of 347 all out. "Mystic River" and now "Gone Baby Gone" -- is sense of place. The books are like a tour of back-alley, blue-collar Beantown; spend time with them in any form and you start swallowing your r's, then spitting them out as h's. In a frustrating development in the battle against drug-resistant bacteria, scientists report the first entirely new type of antibiotic in 35 years has been beaten by the staph supergerm little more than a year after being introduced. The price index of Jordan's Amman Financial Market closed at 134.03 points on Monday, 0.07 points or 0.05 percent higher than Sunday's finish.
t9352 Sales of new US homes plunged 14 percent in February, after a revised 2.6 percent rise in January, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. Taiwan's main opposition Nationalist Party endorsed Ma Ying-jeou, a popular Harvard-educated lawyer who favors reconciliation with rival China, as its presidential candidate on Sunday. A default on bonds by Greece or any other eurozone country is "out of the question," European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet said Tuesday. California's highest court ruled Thursday that the First Amendment did not shield Nike from a lawsuit accusing it of fraud for asserting that its overseas workers received adequate wages and that its working conditions complied with safety regulations. Tiger Woods has never lost a major when he held the lead after 54 holes and the 69th Masters was no exception despite the dramatic fightback by Chris DiMarco that forced the world number one into a playoff on Sunday. And now, it seems, the Brits agree. In "The Amazing Mrs. Pritchard," debuting Sunday night on PBS' "Masterpiece Theatre," a brightly brisk grocery store manager, played winningly by Jane Horrocks , watches in horror as Tory and Labor candidates come to blows outside her shop. She decides she could Sanctions aimed at forcing Afghanistan to hand over suspected terrorist Osama bin Laden are not working and the United Nations should review the policy, some U.N. Security Council members said Thursday. Following are the team standings of French first division soccer after Sunday's matches (tabulated under matches played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against, points) :
t5906 Israel and Egypt dug in their heels in a row over the Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty (NPT) as both sides refused to give an inch in talks here Sunday. The coach of a first-division club in Brazil was arrested and accused of contempt toward authorities after an altercation during a Brazilian league match over the weekend. Thailand's anti-government protesters cancelled plans to march on Bangkok's financial hub Tuesday, as authorities warned they would face tear gas and live weapons fire in any fresh clashes. A new, less expensive anthrax vaccine may be available within 18 months, one of the nation's top health officials said Friday. Kyrgyzstan does not plan to call into question the presence or status of US and Russian military bases despite the change in power there, the new Kyrgyz acting head of state and government said Friday. Thomas Paine is the most important political thinker America has produced, a former British excise officer who emigrated to Philadelphia in 1774 and within 14 months had published the pamphlet "Common Sense." Yet Paine was not just an American insurrectionist but a true believer who thought the lessons of Two dolphins abandoned in an improvised tank in the Guatemalan mountains were airlifted to a special ocean holding pen Thursday for eventual release into the wild. Jordanian King Abdullah Bin Hussein here on Friday called for joint efforts to stop the violence in the Palestinian territories, and providing international protection to the Palestinian people by deploying observers.
t6838 France and the United States called Wednesday for renewed action by the five-nation contact group to seek an internationally coordinated solution to the conflict in Bosnia. Microsoft Corp. will make changes to the program that helps Windows Vista users search their hard drives, in response to antitrust complaints from Google Inc., according to a U.S. Justice Department report. Sevilla's Serbia defender Ivica Dragutinovic will have to miss the rest of the season and the World Cup after he tore his Achilles tendon during training on Thursday, the Spanish club said. With more than 20 million dot-com names registered, short and catchy ones are hard to find. But that's good news to the company that's about to begin selling names in the dot-us domain to the general public. Three bomb blasts in the past week in Christian areas around Beirut have failed to shake a determination among Lebanese to stand united in the face of those who may be out to foment communal discord in the country. Skelos, deputy majority leader in the GOP-controlled Senate, said his plan would shift some costs from localities to the state, but local control over schools would be maintained. School districts would continue to determine which teachers to hire and who gets tenure, for example. The arm of a machine being transported by a train broke loose and knocked down a long row of poles, killing 22 people and injuring 15 in southwest China, the official Xinhua News Agency reported Sunday. German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder held a talk with his Austrian counterpart, Wolfgang Schuessel, here Tuesday for the first time since the European Union lifted the sanction against Austria.
t2144 Japan's three ruling coalition parties agreed in principle Thursday to resume rapprochement talks with North Korea, the Kyodo news agency reported. A judge who is suing a South Korean immigrant dry cleaner for $54 million (euro40.5 million) over his lost trousers said Tuesday he is acting in the interests of all Washington, D.C. residents against what he claims are poor business practices. Bloody clashes broke out in Indonesia's capital on Wednesday between scores of demonstrators and security forces over the demolition of a cemetery, witnesses and officials said. Much has been achieved in Afghanistan. Taliban rule is a distant memory, the al-Qaeda terrorists whom they sheltered are reduced to fighting a losing battle from remote hideouts, and the long work of rebuilding a nation shattered by more than two decades of war has begun, with more than A second crisis in the space of a few days capped a bad week for Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, leaving his centre-right coalition weakened just two weeks away from important regional elections. I'm not afraid to admit that I count myself among the 92 percent of Americans who think we are, as a nation, a pretty friendly lot. Given our remarkably heterogeneous society, I've always assumed we shared a knack for taking into account other people's perspectives and points of view. A typhoon lashed southern Taiwan early Thursday, hours after it battered the northern Philippines with winds nearing 90 mph and heavy rains that reportedly left 15 people dead. DHAKA, October 30 (Xinhua) -- A seismic center able to monitor nuclear explosions and earthquakes in neighboring countries will be set up at Sitakunda, 35 kilometers north of Chittagong, the largest port city in Bangladesh, the widely-circulated Bengali- language daily Ittefaq reported here Monday.
t7146 Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic has demanded tougher implementation of the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) mandate here, just days ahead of a Security Council debate on its renewal, Radio Sarajevo said Thursday. For the sake of the global economy, China needs to accelerate the pace of currency reform and overhaul its economy to be less dependent on exports, Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said Wednesday. Nearly all European airspace was open for business Thursday with a normal quota of flights expected for the first time in a week, air traffic control coordinator Eurocontrol announced. The J-Phone Co., Japan's second-largest cell phone carrier, announced Wednesday that it was pushing back the introduction of its third-generation phones by six months, to December, the latest snag in the industry's rollout of the high-speed service. Fifteen people have been arrested for allegedly conspiring to illegally register children as young as three years old to vote in Ethiopia's upcoming general elections, officials said Monday. I'm a California coast hugger who believes that once you've hit Route 1 anywhere south of San Francisco or north of Morro Bay, you've pretty much reached nirvana. Why stray farther? Yugoslavia's former royal family said Monday it will receive keys to two of its palaces, in a prelude to a return of full ownership decades after the communists stripped family members of their citizenship and property. The United States Wednesday condemned bombing of an official Yugoslav residence in Kosovo and attacks on Serbian police by ethnic Albanian insurgents in southern Serbia.
t3160 In a much awaited speech to a UN summit here, Cuban President Fidel Castro on Sunday denounced the free market system as "lies and trickery", but his words seemed to strike a chord with few of the many other Third World leaders gathered here. New Zealand health officials warned consumers on Thursday not to use toothpastes imported from China because they may contain toxins, the latest country to issue a warning over the products. European stock exchanges suffered heavy losses Friday following an announcement that US authorities had charged top investment group Goldman Sachs with fraud linked to the sub-prime mortgage meltdown. Business 2.0 magazine announced Tuesday that Josh Quittner, the technology editor of Time and the former managing editor of ON magazine, would succeed Ned Desmond as editor. Nearly one in five teenaged British girls has been hit by a boyfriend, while a third have experienced domestic violence at home, a new study published Monday reveals. One out of 10 high school seniors who took a new national test could analyze the impact of the unemployment rate on the economy. Two out of five knew enough about tariffs to determine why domestic industries would push for them. And three out of five could identify factors A federal judge said town officials violated a couple's religious freedoms by limiting the number of people who could attend prayer meetings at their home. Pakistan will need 15 million bales of cotton for domestic consumption and exports purpose, the Pakistan Central Cotton Committee projected Saturday.
t9742 Prices on the London Metal Exchange (LME) ended higher on Thursday, lifting on unconfirmed rumors of strike action at Cananea copper mine in Mexico, dealers said. Sri Lanka captain Mahela Jayawardene won the toss and elected to field in the first test of a three-match series against Bangladesh in Colombo on Monday. Mahmud Kamel Ahmed has endured war, family tragedy and moral disdain on the road to becoming an international athlete but, undeterred by such obstacles, he is finally reaching his physical peak. They can make kids fat, weaken teens' bones, prompt poor nutrition, and increase deaths and health care costs from the bulge beneath the belt. Ian McGeechan, a veteran of five tours with the British and Irish Lions, said the combined Home Unions side would face a unique challenge when they took on New Zealand. A French electrician named Andre Cassagnes came up with a drawing toy that used a joystick, glass and aluminum powder in the 1950s. He called it the Telecran. (Some people incorrectly credit the invention to accountant Arthur Grandjean, whose name is on patent certificates.) ``Cowboy Mike,'' a wandering ladies' man suspected in the disappearance of four women and the wounding of another, was captured Friday after a shootout and a desperate attempt to swim to freedom in the swift and murky Snake River. More than 87 billion yuan (about 1.05 billion U.S. dollars) will be spent in five years to improve the infrastructure facilities in Shanghai City, the top industrial and commercial center of China.
t735 Snipers wounded a man Sunday when they fired at a tram in Sarajevo, bringing the toll for the past week to at least two dead and 15 wounded, the highest number of casualties here since the start of a truce two months ago. Sudanese officials welcomed French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner on his arrival in Khartoum on Sunday, stating they believed France had a role to play in bringing peace to the beleaguered Darfur region. Two alleged Israeli mobsters refused to appear in court for a hearing because they weren't allowed to bring in coffee, cookies, sandwiches and napkins, the Haaretz newspaper reported on Monday. On Saturday, 3-inch diameter hail fell near Dallas as a vigorous disturbance lifted humid air streaming north from the Gulf of Mexico. The disturbance will press east on Sunday, causing severe storms to threaten the southeast coast. Locally heavy rain and damaging winds will occur from Georgia to North Wales's rugby renaissance has been reflected off the pitch with the Welsh Rugby Union securing financial backing from two new sponsors. This recipe for Ferro Salad is from Fraiche chef-owner Jason Travi. To blanch the peas, place them in boiling water until just tender, about 1 minute, then immediately place them in an ice bath and drain. Doug Weight was traded by Edmonton to the St. Louis Blues on Sunday in a five-player deal the Oilers made because they could not afford their All-Star center. The accident happened at around 10:00 a.m. (0900 GMT) when the train from Pwllheli to Machynlleth crashed into the car, trapping the 24-year-old driver.
t7941 Singapore premier Goh Chok Tong has sent a letter to Philippine President Fidel Ramos amid the continuing row between the two countries, which spilled over into angry public protests in Manila on Saturday. A prosecutor pledged Thursday to investigate the politics behind the 2003 assassination of Serbia's reformist Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic, whose killers were convicted and sentenced last month. Inter Milan came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Atalanta 3-1 at the San Siro on Saturday to leapfrog AS Roma at the top of the Serie A table. An island-hopper, I shuttle between Time-Warner and Cablevision, between Yankees YES and Yankees No. En route, I have too much time to think about my half lives as have and have-not. I think, What right does anyone have to deny me my Yankees games? And then, where did I A proposed military doctrine on detainee operations drew fire from a human rights group Thursday who said it reaffirmed the policy of classifying members of certain extremist groups "enemy combatants" not protected by the Geneva Conventions. A presidential campaign is a war of words, not all of them completely accurate, and trying to sort truth from half-truth has traditionally been our job. But the claims and counter-claims of the 2008 candidates now flow on blogs, video, talk radio and e-mail. The Senate on Tuesday demanded negotiations with the House to craft a bankruptcy overhaul bill that President Bush would be willing to sign. A signed article in the magazine "Across Straits Relations" predicts relations between the two sides of the Taiwan Straits will expand on the "One China principle" for an eventual peaceful reunification in the coming century, although arduous effort is needed.
t1777 Around a dozen women went on hunger strike at the UN World Summit on Social Development here Wednesday, calling for allotment of more development resources and for concrete solutions to the Third World debt problem. Victoria Beckham, resplendent in a Los Angeles Dodgers windbreaker, filmed scenes for her upcoming reality show before the New York Mets-Dodgers game. Ex-premier Ehud Olmert has cut short a European trip to answer questions in Israel about an alleged largescale bribery scandal involving a former business partner, media reported on Wednesday. ``I apologize to the community and the veterans of the area,'' Principi said. ``There's no excuse for an unclean facility. There is no excuse for inadequate pest control.'' Asia's economies are proving resilient amid record high world crude prices and will maintain strong growth rates throughout 2005 even if oil remains around current levels, analysts said. The beehive is back, proving that the '60s trend of summer starts at the top. But this ain't your mother's beehive. And lucky for us, today's spin on the inflated 'do requires less backcombing than the one that made Aqua Net a household name. This less-sticky version is a CLEVELAND INDIANS_Agreed to terms with RHP Daniel Denham and OF Michael Conroy and assigned them to Burlington of the Appalachian League. The health of men, who are usually considered stronger than women, has become the focus of attention today in China's leading industrial and commercial city, Shanghai.
t291 In a startling about-face Friday, former premier Silvio Berlusconi's supporters in parliament said Friday they would vote against the new government's supplementary budget, threatening to plunge the country into a fresh crisis. A suicide car bomber struck an Iraqi army checkpoint south of Baghdad on Saturday, killing at least 12 soldiers and wounding 30, police said. After a scarring week in which its financial markets were hammered, Greece looks to its European peers to seal the terms on an EU-IMF debt support plan as it prepares to raise fresh loans on Tuesday. Adding to an extraordinary string of antidrug successes, Mexican authorities announced the arrest of a top lieutenant on Thursday in the cocaine trafficking organization known as the Gulf cartel. Australia will see the new democratic face of Indonesia when President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono visits the country this month, Prime Minister John Howard said Wednesday. For months, the Bush administration has courted Russian President Vladimir V. Putin to gain assent for its plans to build a long-range missile-defense system in Eastern Europe. Author and journalist Eligio Garcia Marquez, a younger brother of Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez, died Friday of an illness, his family said. He was 53. Philippine President Joseph Estrada reassured the public Saturday that he remains focused in his task of regaining the economy's momentum amid the most severe political crisis in his two years in office.
t7973 China reaffirmed Thursday the "criminal" status of the country's most celebrated dissident, Wei Jingsheng, while claiming ignorance as to his current whereabouts. The identification cards of two soldiers missing since an attack on their unit May 12 were found in what the American military called an al-Qaida in Iraq safe house north of Baghdad, U.S. authorities reported Saturday. The EU disagrees with airlines' criticism of the closure of airspace due to the ash cloud emanating from an Icelandic volcano, the bloc's Spanish presidency said Monday, adding safety should be the main concern. A priest who is one of Cardinal Bernard F. Law's most vocal backers said the cardinal must take a more spiritual focus and should sell off his official residence, close some Catholic schools, and drop some social services. Japan's high court Wednesday barred Fuji Television group from blocking a bid by a flamboyant Internet entrepreneur to take control of the media conglomerate. "I am not gay and never have been," the Republican lawmaker declared at a Boise news conference with his wife, Suzanne, at his side. A man sentenced to life in prison in the murder of a co-worker who was found beaten and suffocated in a paper mill vat was wrongly convicted and should stay free, a federal appeals court has ruled. Following are the latest facts and figures about China's main imports in the first nine months of 2000, released by the General Administration of Customs.
t3519 Pierre Suard will remain chairman of French telecoms giant Alcatel- Alsthom despite being charged with fraud and barred from office by a French examining magistrate, the group said in a statement Monday. The Dutch government revealed a series of citizen-inspired plans Thursday after its first 100 days in office, including programs for cutting bike theft, making school books free for students and requiring all new buildings to be more energy efficient. Flights at Frankfurt airport, the biggest in Germany, were halted indefinitely on Friday, an airport spokesman told AFP, as a high-altitude cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland spread further over Europe. Officially, the London Marathon will not be the first for Haile Gebrselassie, perhaps the greatest distance runner ever. When he was 16, he came from the southern highlands of Ethiopia to the capital of Addis Ababa, encountering electricity for the first time and carrying all of his clothes in Almost a billion dollars believed to have been stolen from Kenya during the regime of retired president Daniel arap Moi and stashed in bank accounts in Britain have been frozen, a government spokesman said on Monday. The longest-serving member of the New Orleans City Council resigned Monday, hours after pleading guilty to charges that he took kickbacks from a businessman who wanted to keep a parking lot contract for the French Quarter. Tim Henman couldn't end Britain's 63-year wait for a Wimbledon men's singles finalist, falling Sunday to Goran Ivanisevic before thousands of downcast countrymen. A total of 786 graduates from civilian universities and colleges were officially recruited into the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) Monday after three months of training.
t264 The Democratic Party suffered another defeat Friday as the first Native American elected to the Senate announced he would switch to the Republican Party. Thousands of anti-globalization and far-left activists from across Italy converged on the capital Saturday to protest against U.S. President George W. Bush during his visit to Rome and the Vatican. Hideki Matsui, the World Series Most Valuable Player with the Yankees last season, notched his first game-ending hit for the Angels Saturday in a 4-3 victory over Oakland. ``In America,'' she said, ``you should expect your millionaires to give millions, especially if they're going to stand on TV and ask the peasants for pennies.'' On Sept.ember 12, she said, she telephoned six celebrities and asked them to donate a million dollars each, along with her. Not one The Bank of Japan's policy board voted unanimously Wednesday to leave its ultra-easy monetary policy unchanged after official data showed the world's second-largest economy inched out of recession last year. In a historic overture to China and its estimated 12 million Roman Catholics, Pope Benedict XVI on Saturday urged the Communist-sanctioned church and its underground counterpart to unite while also suggesting the Vatican was prepared to end a half-century diplomatic rift with Beijing. Jason Kidd said his trade from the Phoenix Suns to the New Jersey Nets caught him by surprise, even though he heard speculation last season that his days in Arizona were numbered. A Palestinian man was killed Saturday in clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank town of Ramallah, a hospital source said.
t7379 The Indian parliament in a surprise move Thursday said it will convey the resentment of its members on the staggering of key provincial polls to the country's autonomous election office. British government forecasters are predicting that the Atlantic hurricane season may not be as busy as their American counterparts expect. The last growth figures to be published before the general election emphasised the fragility of Britain's recovery and led to party leaders trading accusations over their economic plans on Friday. Let's play a game, OK? We'll call it ``Name the Player.'' You now have three chances to answer this question: Who is the most cheerful member of the Boston Red Sox? Warnings of a possible tsunami were issued in Madagascar and the island of Mauritius after an underwater earthquake measuring over 8.0 on the Richter scale struck Monday off the Indonesian island of Sumatra, officials said. But after Saddam 's expulsion in 2003, al-Bazzaz set up offices in Baghdad, and he has since been busy running what is considered Iraq's most credible Arabic publication. With a daily circulation of more than 75,000, Azzaman is a modern journalistic success story and a publication that has added A judge ruled Monday that Bobby Frank Cherry is mentally incompetent and cannot be tried in a 1963 church bombing that killed four black girls. British ministers have asked the country's Food Standards Agency to go to France in the next few days to check on assurances about the safety of French beef, a Reuters report said on Thursday.
t8211 Syrian Vice President Zuheir Masharka accused Israel of rejecting peace and drawing up a plan to dominate the Arab world, in an interview published Sunday. Haiti is considering the creation of a security force to one day replace U.N. peacekeepers sent three years ago to stabilize the troubled country, a legislator said Thursday. A 14-year-old boy named Wonder clambers out of the ocean and onto Durban's South Beach, exhausted after hours of surfing, and collapses on the sand. When Gregory Dulan describes the financial struggles of trying to open his Crenshaw Boulevard restaurant in April 1992, he starts most sentences with ``In those days. ...'' Pope John Paul II's native Poland came to a standstill Friday as tolling bells and wailing sirens signalled the start of his funeral in distant Rome. Watada's supporters said the move by U.S. District Judge Benjamin H. Settle signaled the possibility that he might cancel the military trial altogether, ending a complicated 16-month legal battle. Gao Zhan, a U.S.-based sociologist, has been indicted by Chinese authorities on charges of spying for Taiwan and probably will be tried in Beijing in the next two weeks, a group supporting her said Wednesday. The landslides and floods that followed the heavy rain-falls recorded in Indonesia's Sumatra islands last week have now claimed around 120 lives, while many others remain missing.
t903 Two civilians were wounded by Serb tank shells fired into the centre of the UN-declared Bihac town safe area, in northwest Bosnia, a UN spokesman said here Monday. Japan revised up its first quarter economic growth figure Monday to an annual pace of 3.3 percent from 2.4 percent because business investment was stronger than initially estimated. The euro gained against the US dollar and yen in Asian trade Monday after the 16 nations using the single currency unveiled a 30-billion-euro lifeline for debt- hit Greece. LOS ANGELES - Kids, it's a crazy, mixed-up world out there. Who knows who or what to believe any more? Gibraltar's Chief Minister Peter Caruana on Wednesday lambasted neighboring Spain for accusing the British territory of not doing enough to prevent money laundering. Nearly two-thirds of employers that offer traditional pensions have closed their plans to new hires or frozen them for all employees -- or plan to do so in the next two years -- according to a new study released Tuesday. Best known for her period pieces ``Mansfield Park'' and ``Madame Bovary,'' actress Frances O'Connor wasn't an obvious choice to play the ``mother'' of a robot in Steven Spielberg's ``A.I.'' but she caught the director's eye. China will issue a commemorative folder prior to the 50th anniversary of the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea (1950-1953).
t5530 A 20-year-old man was shot dead and three other people, including a woman in her 70's, were wounded by sniper fire Saturday morning in government-held Sarajevo, hospital officials said. Thai anti-graft panel has ordered the freezing of 8 billion baht (US$245.7 million; euro183.2 million) more of ousted prime minister's assets. Women's world golf number one Lorena Ochoa of Mexico announced Tuesday on her website that she will retire from the sport in which she has topped the world rankings for the past three years. Whenever I get an iron in my hands, my first instinct is to be aggressive. The irons are the true offensive weapons in golf. Kyrgyz veteran leader Askar Akayev has resigned, a top opposition leader was quoted as saying Thursday by the RIA Novosti news agency. Senior House Democrats called on the Bush administration Thursday to delay a planned Oct. 1 expansion of the use of powerful satellite and aircraft spy technology by local and federal law enforcement agencies, challenging the plan's legality and charging that the administration is failing to safeguard the privacy of Drums thundering and bagpipes wailing, thousands of Protestant marchers took to the streets of Northern Ireland on Thursday in a noisy but largely peaceful show of strength at a politically delicate moment for the province's peace process. Australia and Singapore have agreed to start immediately bilateral free trade negotiations, Australian Prime Minister John Howard announced here Wednesday.
t2061 The UN Children's Fund (UNICEF) Thursday assured its donors that their money was being well spent to help children and women around the world despite reports of suspected fraud in its Nairobi office. Chad may allow international peacekeeping troops to deploy along its border with Sudan to create safe passage for humanitarian aid to the war-torn Darfur region, the president of the African country said Tuesday. A British man and his wife accidentally left his ageing mother-in-law in a Dover ferry port car park and only realised half way across to France, police said Wednesday. GAINESVILLE, Fla._ Saying he could no longer keep his dead father's secret, a minister is contending that his father _ not James Earl Ray _ fatally shot the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. at a Memphis motel in 1968. Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan expects a dramatic end to end encounter when his team meet Wales in Cardiff on Saturday with the resurgent Dragons seeking a first Grand Slam since 1978. House Democrats, preparing for a vote Wednesday on contempt citations against President Bush's chief of staff and former counsel, produced a report Tuesday that for the first time alleges that several administration officials may have broken the law during the multiple firings of U.S. attorneys. The Countess of Wessex, who stepped back from her public relations business after she was snared in a tabloid sting, will stay on with the company she founded as a director, the company said Wednesday. Following are the list of leading goal scorers in the African Champions League after the weekend's latest round of matches:
t4074 The increasingly bitter fishing dispute between the European Union and Canada escalated further Tuesday with Spain saying it would reintroduce visas for visiting Canadians and warning it could sever all links with Ottowa. The Swiss on Friday opened of the world's longest overland tunnel to trains linking Europe's North and South after eight years of construction. A huge cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland left millions of air travellers stranded Saturday as it spread further across Europe, leaving airlines grounded and facing huge losses. Friday afternoon is a busy time at the open-air Mahane Yehuda market. Most of Jerusalem, the market included, shuts down for the Jewish Sabbath, not to re-open until Sunday morning. As the produce-sellers prepare to close their stands, shoppers crowd the market looking for bargains on fruit and vegetables Israel's domestic spy agency Shin Beth -- a driving force in the fight against militant activity in the Palestinian territories -- went online on Tuesday with a website to lure new recruits. What reporters put between quotation marks isn't simply a quotation. It's a choice about what they believe the person said -- or should have said. Washington Post staff members disagree among themselves and some of them with Post policy -- as do readers. Gray areas abound. Talks between California power users and providers ended Monday with no resolution but an administrative judge said the state is probably owed no more than $1 billion, far less than the nearly $9 billion officials have sought. A Chinese boat has rescued six fishermen from the Republic of Korea (ROK) whose boat capsized in the Pacific Ocean in late October, sources said Wednesday.
t5069 Foreign businessmen are impressed by embargo-hit Iraq's efforts to rebuild their country against all odds since the 1991 Gulf War. Tom Kristensen's hopes of winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans for a record eighth time ended Sunday morning when his Audi co-driver Dindo Capello crashed. A buildup of glass has been found in the jet engine of a NATO fighter plane in Europe, a senior US official said Monday, as ash from the volcano in Iceland begins to have an impact on the military. Percussionist and musicologist Mickey Hart, state Parks Commissioner Caryl Hart, global activist and actress Julia Ormond, Silicon Valley businesswoman Amy Rao and Mark and Susie Tompkins Buell, Democrat stalwarts, are part of Barbara Boxer's delegation of about 20 agricultural, trade and cultural leaders that heads for Cuba tomorrow. Although An Arab summit Wednesday in Algiers missed a good opportunity to reaffirm the leaders' commitment to democratic reforms, a State Department spokesman said here. Last week Democrat Barack Obama dropped by "The Daily Show With Jon Stewart" on Comedy Central, which the previous week entertained John McCain, who this week did "The Tonight Show With Jay Leno," whose guest next week might well be Republican Fred Thompson, who, t he Los Angeles Times President Bush sought Wednesday to institute a more corporate style in the executive branch of government _ starting with designating chief operating officers to oversee changes. Officials here said that the five survivors had been picked up from the wreckage site deep in marshy lands just 10 to 15 kms inside the international border and about 90 km northwest of the Naliya air force station in Gujarat.
t4478 PLO and Israeli negotiators began drafting a joint accord on elections to a Palestinian self-rule council here Thursday but they skirted key points of dispute. Kim Mayorga was confused when her 2-year-old started making funny faces and pushing away the apple juice he had ordered at Applebee's restaurant. The explanation came when she opened the lid of the sippy cup and was hit by the smell of tequila and Triple Sec. Ireland has ordered its airspace closed until 13:00 pm (1200 GMT) on Monday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, the Irish Aviation Authority said. Susan Packard Orr, daughter of the late David Packard, a co-founder of Hewlett-Packard, is revamping and renaming the Technology Resource Assistance Center, the company she founded to help nonprofits with their technology needs. German stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse said late Tuesday it was planning to launch a share buy-back as it seeks to mend fences with rebel shareholders who forced the company to abandon its bid to buy the London Stock Exchange (LSE). Amid a fresh spate of toy recalls, members of Congress said Thursday that they would hold hearings about product safety, and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vowed to increase testing and oversight of the playthings it sells. A doctor watching 8-year-old shark attack victim Jessie Arbogast for brain damage said Tuesday that the boy is showing some encouraging signs. DHAKA, November 10 (Xinhua) -- In the year 2015, Dhaka, the sprawling capital of Bangladesh, will turn into the fourth largest megacity in the world with a population of 23 million.
t3781 Jeff Gillooly left prison with a new legal name and, he said, a new attitude after serving his sentence for the attack on figure skater Nancy Kerrigan last year. Crucial senators tentatively agreed Thursday on a plan to revive a stalled immigration bill, aided by President George W. Bush's support for a quick $4.4 billion (euro3.3 billion) aimed at "securing our borders and enforcing our laws at the work site." A few solitary cars, their drivers in facemasks, crawl with headlights at full beam through a night of volcanic dust. You have to listen closely, but in a current Ford commercial, Ford Chairman Bill Ford says his great-grandfathers, Henry Ford and Harvey Firestone, actually invented the SUV concept. Vietnam's prime minister could visit the United States before summer, according to diplomats and analysts, in what would be the first such official tour since the end of the Vietnam War 30 years ago. A 7.9 magnitude earthquake shook southern Peru on Wednesday, killing at least 15 people and injuring 200 people in the provincial cities of Ica and Pisco and sparking tsunami warnings for the Pacific coast of South America and the distant Hawaiian islands. A man shot to death two people during an argument over a campsite before he was wounded by a park ranger, authorities said. Construction of China's 15 export processing zones is going smoothly, thanks to great support from local authorities in a bid to help boost local economy.
t9690 Fifty environmental activists chained themselves Thursday to buses transporting delegates to the Berlin climate conference, to protest perceived inefficiency in tackling the problem of global warming, their organization said. With dozens of homes and cabins already destroyed by wildfire, crews worked to protect hundreds of others tucked in the hills of the scenic Kenai Peninsula. Prime Minister Vladimir Putin moved Tuesday to intensify Russia's revival in ties with ex-Soviet Ukraine, offering an unprecedented nuclear cooperation deal and revealing the cost of gas price cuts. Gregory L. Moore, managing editor of The Boston Globe and a 16-year veteran of the paper, has been named editor of The Denver Post. OPEC president Sheikh Ahmed Fahd al-Sabah said on Monday he believed the cartel would raise output by 500,000 barrels per day (bpd) next month despite the recent drop in oil prices. But Tuesday in Long Beach, the wives of five of the top candidates for president found much more to unite than to separate them during an hourlong forum that their host, California first lady Maria Shriver, sponsored as part of her fourth annual Conference on Women. Eminem's Grammy-winning but often profane lyrics came under congressional criticism Friday as lawmakers considered how to deal with violence in entertainment without violating the First Amendment. Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said on Wednesday that he must be provided with sufficient powers to enforce the constitution and stop violations.
